Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part. Please.
Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part. Please.Okay... then how 'bout we try out some French cuisine. Saturday? Night?
You're asking me out. That's so cute. What's your name again?Forget it.
No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---Cameron.
Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...Let me see what I can do.
C'esc ma tete. This is my headRight. See? You're ready for the quiz.
That's because it's such a nice one.Forget French.
How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?Well, there's someone I think might be --
There.Where?
You have my word. As a gentlemanYou're sweet.
Sure have.I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't. Not unless my sister goes.
I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't. Not unless my sister goes.I'm workin' on it. But she doesn't seem to be goin' for him.
Hi.Looks like things worked out tonight, huh?
You know Chastity?I believe we share an art instructor
Have fun tonight?Tons
I was?You never wanted to go out with 'me, did you?
Well, no...Then that's all you had to say.
Then that's all you had to say.But
ButYou always been this selfish?
do you listen to this crap?What crap?
What crap?Me. This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.
Me. This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.Thank God! If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure...
I figured you'd get to the good stuff eventually.What good stuff?
What good stuff?The "real you".
The "real you".Like my fear of wearing pastels?
NoOkay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.
WowLet's go.
She okay?I hope so.
They do to!They do not!
Did you change your hair?No.
No.You might wanna think about it
Where did he go? He was just here.Who?
Who?Joey.
GreatWould you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?
Is he oily or dry?Combination. I don't know -- I thought he'd be different. More of a gentleman...
I have to be home in twenty minutes.I don't have to be home 'til two.
You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?I did.
It's moreExpensive?
Exactly So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's thing on Saturday?Hopefully.
Queen Harry?It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff.
Hey, sweet cheeks.Hi, Joey.
Hi, Joey.You're concentrating awfully hard considering it's gym class.
Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom.You know the deal. I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go --
Where've you been?Nowhere... Hi, Daddy.
Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.
You're ruining my life' Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.What's normal?
Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.
Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.It's Shakespeare. Maybe you've heard of him?
You are so completely unbalanced.Can we go now?
Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
Joey never told you we went out, did he?What?
What?In 9th. For a month
In 9th. For a monthWhy?
Why?He was, like, a total babe
He was, like, a total babeBut you hate Joey
But you hate JoeyNow I do. Back then, was a different story.
Now I do. Back then, was a different story.As in...
He said everyone was doing it. So I did it.You did what?
Why didn't you tell me?I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.
That's notI'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.
I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.I guess I thought I was protecting you.
You looked beautiful last night, you know.So did you
Let go!You set me up.
You set me up.I just wanted --
I just wanted --What? To completely damage me? To send me to therapy forever? What?
What? To completely damage me? To send me to therapy forever? What?No! I just wanted
Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?It's just you.
Patrick -- is that- a.Perm?
No! You're not dating until your sister starts dating. End of discussion.What if she never starts dating?
What if she never starts dating?Then neither will you. And I'll get to sleep at night.
Then neither will you. And I'll get to sleep at night.But it's not fair -- she's a mutant, Daddy!
But she doesn't want to date.Exactly my point
Daddy, I --And where're you going?
Daddy, people expect me to be there!If Kat's not going, you're not going.
Oh, God. It's starting.It's just a party. Daddy.
Wear the belly before you go.Daddy, no!
Daddy, no!Just for a minute
Promise me you won't talk to any boys unless your sister is present.Why?
Why?Because she'll scare them away.
Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --The prom? Kat has a date?
The prom? Kat has a date?No, but
He's not a "hot rod". Whatever that is.You're not going unless your sister goes. End of story.
Fan of a fan. You see a couple of minors come in?Never
NeverPadua girls. One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?
Padua girls. One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?Just sent 'em through.
You the new guy?So they tell me...
So they tell me...C'mon. I'm supposed to give you the tour.
So -- which Dakota you from?North, actually. How'd you ?
North, actually. How'd you ?I was kidding. People actually live there?
I was kidding. People actually live there?Yeah. A couple. We're outnumbered by the cows, though.
Yeah. A couple. We're outnumbered by the cows, though.How many people were in your old school?
How many people were in your old school?Thirty-two.
Thirty-two.Get out!
Get out!How many people go here?
How many people go here?Couple thousand. Most of them evil
That girl -- I --You burn, you pine, you perish?
You burn, you pine, you perish?Who is she?
Who is she?Bianca Stratford. Sophomore. Don't even think about it
Bianca Stratford. Sophomore. Don't even think about itWhy not?
You know French?Sure do ... my Mom's from Canada
Sure do ... my Mom's from CanadaGuess who just signed up for a tutor?
Guess who just signed up for a tutor?You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?
You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?You could consecrate with her, my friend.
Yeah, just a minor encounter with the shrew.That's her? Bianca's sister?
That's her? Bianca's sister?The mewling, rampalian wretch herself.
What about him?You wanna go out with him?
What makes you think he'll do it?He seems like he thrives on danger
Forget his reputation. Do you think we've got a plan or not?Did she actually say she'd go out with you?
Did she actually say she'd go out with you?That's what I just said
I thought you hated those people.Hey -- I've gotta have a few clients when I get to Wall Street.
This is it. A golden opportunity. Patrick can ask Katarina to the party.In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.
In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.Will Bogey get bent?
Will Bogey get bent?Are you kidding? He'll piss himself with joy. He's the ultimate kiss ass.
Number one. She hates smokersIt's a lung cancer issue
It's a lung cancer issueHer favorite uncle
Her favorite uncleDead at forty-one.
He's pretty!Okay! I wasn't sure
Assail your ears for one night.It's her favorite band.
You told me that part already.Hell, I've just been going over the whole thing in my head and -
Buttholus extremus. But hey, you're making progress.No, I ' m not.
And he means that strictly in a non- prison-movie type of way.Yeah -- we'll see.
Gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow night.Don't make me do it, man
Cameron, I'm a little busyIt's off. The whole thing.
What 're you talking about?She's partial to Joey, not me
Cameron -- do you like the girl?Sure
SureThen, go get her
You makin' any headway?She kissed me.
She kissed me.Where?
What's the worst?You get the girl.
Hey -- do you mind?Not at all
Where ya goin?Away.
Away.Your sister here?
Leave my sister alone.And why would I do that?
YeahWhat do you think?
Two legs, nice rack...Yeah, whatever. I want you to go out with her.
Yeah, whatever. I want you to go out with her.Sure, Sparky. I'll get right on it.
Sure, Sparky. I'll get right on it.You just said
You just saidYou need money to take a girl out
You need money to take a girl outBut you'd go out with her if you had the cake?
You got it, Verona. I pick up the tab, you do the honors.You're gonna pay me to take out some girl?
I can't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks.Fine, thirty.
Take it or leave it. This isn't a negotiation.Fifty, and you've got your man.
When I shell out fifty, I expect results.I'm on it
I'm on itWatching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
I just upped my priceWhat?
What?A hundred bucks a date.
A hundred bucks a date.Forget it.
Forget it.Forget her sister, then.
It's about time.A deal's a deal.
How'd you do it?Do what?
Do what?Get her to act like a human
I don't know, Dorsey. ..the limo.-the flowers. Another hundred for the tux --Enough with the Barbie n' Ken shit. I know.
Hey.Are you lost?
Are you lost?Nope - just came by to chat
Nope - just came by to chatWe don't chat.
I hear you're helpin' Verona.Uh, yeah. We're old friend*
Uh, yeah. We're old friend*You and Verona?
You and Verona?What? We took bathes together when we were kids.
You better not fuck this up. I'm heavily invested.Hey -- it's all for the higher good right?
Who's that?Patrick Verona Random skid.
I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting.He always look so
He always look soBlock E?
Mandella, eat. Starving yourself is a very slow way to die.Just a little.
What's this?An attempted slit.
The people at this school are so incredibly foul.You could always go with me. I'm sure William has some friends.
William would never have gone to a state school.William didn't even go to high school
William didn't even go to high schoolThat's never been proven
That's never been provenNeither has his heterosexuality.
I appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death, but I'm consuming. Do you mind?Does it matter?
You think this'll work?No fear.
What'd he say?Who cares?
I didn't have a choice.You didn't have a choice? Where's Kat and what have you done with her?
You didn't have a choice? Where's Kat and what have you done with her?I did Bianca a favor and it backfired.
I did Bianca a favor and it backfired.You didn't
You didn'tI got drunk. I puked. I got rejected. It was big fun.
Okay, okay, we won't go. It's not like I have a dress anywayYou ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective. We're making a statement.
You ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective. We're making a statement.Oh, good. Something new and different for us.
Have you seen him?Who?
Who?William - he asked me to meet him here.
William - he asked me to meet him here.Oh, honey -- tell me we haven't' progressed to full-on hallucinations.
I mean Wo-man. How ya doin'?Sweating like a pig, actually. And yourself?
Sweating like a pig, actually. And yourself?There's a way to get a guy's attention.
There's a way to get a guy's attention.My mission in life.
Pick you up Friday, thenOh, right. Friday.
The night I take you to places you've never been before. And back.Like where? The 7-Eleven on Burnside? Do you even know my name, screwboy?
Like where? The 7-Eleven on Burnside? Do you even know my name, screwboy?I know a lot more than that
You hate me don't you?I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion.
I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion.Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me.
Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me.And why would I do that?
You -- covered in my vomit.Seven-thirty?
Are you following me?I was in the laundromat. I saw your car. Thought I'd say hi.
I was in the laundromat. I saw your car. Thought I'd say hi.Hi
You're not a big talker, are you?Depends on the topic. My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy.
Excuse me?That's what you want, isn't it?
That's what you want, isn't it?Do you mind? You're sort of ruining it for me.
You know who The Raincoats are?Why, don't you?
What's this?"I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?
"I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?I say, do what you wanna do.
I say, do what you wanna do.Funny, you're the only one
Okay?I'm fine. I'm
You're not okay.I just need to lie down for awhile
I just need to lie down for awhileUh, uh. You lie down and you'll go to sleep
Uh, uh. You lie down and you'll go to sleepI know, just let me sleep
This is so patronizing.Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.Why 're you doing this?
Why 're you doing this?I told you
I told youYou don't care if I die
You don't care if I dieSure, I do
Sure, I doWhy?
Why?Because then I'd have to start taking out girls who like me.
Because then I'd have to start taking out girls who like me.Like you could find one
Like you could find oneSee that? Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?
See that? Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?Just let me sit down.
Why'd you let him get to you?Who?
Who?Dorsey.
Dorsey.I hate him.
I thought you were above all thatYou know what they say
Kat! Wake up!What?
And I'm in control of it.But it's Gigglepuss - I know you like them. I saw you there.
When you were gone last year -- where were you?Busy
BusyWere you in jail?
Were you in jail?Maybe.
Maybe.No, you weren't
No, you weren'tThen why'd you ask?
Then why'd you ask?Why'd you lie?
I should do this.Do what?
Do what?This.
Start a band?My father wouldn't approve of that that
My father wouldn't approve of that thatYou don't strike me as the type that would ask permission.
Oh, so now you think you know me?I'm gettin' there
So what ' s up with your dad? He a pain in the ass?He just wants me to be someone I'm not.
He just wants me to be someone I'm not.Who?
Who?BIANCA
Excuse me, have you seen The Feminine Mystique? I lost my copy.What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?I heard there was a poetry reading.
I heard there was a poetry reading.You 're so --
You 're so --Pleasant?
Wholesome.Unwelcome.
Unwelcome.Unwelcome? I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.
Unwelcome? I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties.
Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties.So what did I have an effect on ?
So what did I have an effect on ?Other than my upchuck reflex? Nothing.
He left! I sprung the dickhead and he cruised on me.Look up, sunshine
I guess I never told you I'm afraid of heights.C'mon. It's not that bad
C'mon. It's not that badTry lookin' at it from this angle
Put your right foot there --Forget it. I'm stayin'.
Forget it. I'm stayin'.You want me to climb up and show you how to get down?
You want me to climb up and show you how to get down?Maybe.
Good call.So how'd you get Chapin to look the other way?
So how'd you get Chapin to look the other way?I dazzled him with my wit
A soft side? Who knew?Yeah, well, don't let it get out
Yeah, well, don't let it get outSo what's your excuse?
So what's your excuse?Acting the way we do.
Acting the way we do.Yes
So if you disappoint them from the start, you're covered?Something like that
Something like thatThen you screwed up
Then you screwed upHow?
How?You never disappointed me.
You up for it?For. . . ?
State trooper?Fallacy.
Fallacy.The duck?
The duck?Hearsay.
Hearsay.I know the porn career's a lie.
Tell me something true.I hate peas.
I hate peas.No -- something real. Something no one else knows.
No -- something real. Something no one else knows.You're sweet. And sexy. And completely hot for me.
You're sweet. And sexy. And completely hot for me.What?
What?No one else knows
No one else knowsYou're amazingly self-assured. Has anyone ever told you that?
You're amazingly self-assured. Has anyone ever told you that?Go to the prom with me
Is that a request or a command?You know what I mean
You know what I meanNo.
No.No what?
No what?No, I won't go with you
No, I won't go with youWhy not?
Why not?Because I don't want to. It's a stupid tradition.
Create a little drama? Start a new rumor? What?So I have to have a motive to be with you?
So I have to have a motive to be with you?You tell me.
You tell me.You need therapy. Has anyone ever told you that?
You need therapy. Has anyone ever told you that?Answer the question, Patrick
Answer the question, PatrickNothing! There's nothing in it for me. Just the pleasure of your company.
How'd you get a tux at the last minute?It's Scurvy's. His date got convicted. Where'd you get the dress?
It's Scurvy's. His date got convicted. Where'd you get the dress?It's just something I had. You know
It's just something I had. You knowOh huh
Oh huhLook, I'm -- sorry -- that I questioned your motives. I was wrong.
My grandmother's .What?
That ' s completely adorable!It gets worse -- you still have your freshman yearbook?
A Fender Strat. You bought this?I thought you could use it. When you start your band.
Is that right?Yeah, but then I fucked up. I fell for her.
Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill?Because I like to torture you.
Because I like to torture you.Oh, Bianca? Can you get me my freshman yearbook?
Oh, Bianca? Can you get me my freshman yearbook?Don ' t you even dare. . .
I know.I thought we decided you were going to school here. At U of 0.
I thought we decided you were going to school here. At U of 0.You decided.
This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips?Enough!
My insurance does not cover PMSThen tell them I had a seizure.
Then tell them I had a seizure.Is this about Sarah Lawrence? You punishing me?
Is this about Sarah Lawrence? You punishing me?I thought you were punishing me.
I thought you were punishing me.Why can't we agree on this?
Why can't we agree on this?Because you're making decisions for me.
Because you're making decisions for me.As a parent, that's my right
As a parent, that's my rightSo what I want doesn't matter?
Was that your sister?Yeah. She left with some bikers Big ones. Full of sperm.
Yeah. She left with some bikers Big ones. Full of sperm.Funny.
No, Daddy.So tell me about this dance. Was it fun?
So tell me about this dance. Was it fun?Parts of it.
Parts of it.Which parts?
Which parts?The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy.
The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy.Bianca did what?
Bianca did what?What's the matter? Upset that I rubbed off on her?
What's the matter? Upset that I rubbed off on her?No -- impressed.
Katarina Stratford. My, my. You've been terrorizing Ms. Blaise again.Expressing my opinion is not a terrorist action.
Tempestuous?No ... I believe "heinous bitch" is the term used most often.
Hey there. Tired of breathing?Hi.
Hi.Cool pictures. You a fan?
Cool pictures. You a fan?Yeah. I guess.
You think?Oh yeah.
Macbeth, right?Right.
Right.Kat a fan, too?
Kat a fan, too?Yeah...
Say itWhat?
What?Whatever the hell it is you're standin' there waitin' to say.
What plan?The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.
The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.What is it with this chick? She have three tits?
That's where we can help you. With Kat.So Dorsey can get the girl?
You two are gonna help me tame the wild beast?We're your guys.
What?!Good enough.
Are you telling me I'm a - "non-smoker"?Just for now.
Ever been to Club Skunk?Yeah.
So you got cozy with she who stings?No - I've got a sweet-payin' job that I'm about to lose.
You were right. She's still pissed.Sweet love, renew thy force!
Sweet love, renew thy force!Man -- don't say shit like that to me. People can hear you.
I missed you.It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.
It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.It was a bratwurst. I was eating lunch.
It was a bratwurst. I was eating lunch.With the teeth of your zipper?
Touch of the flu.I'm at a loss, then. What should we talk about? Your year of absence?
Why don't we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid?What's to discuss?
You're completely demented.See you next week!
In the microwave.Make anyone cry today?
What's a synonym for throbbing?Sarah Lawrence is on the other side of the country.
Jesus! Can a man even grab a sandwich before you women start dilating?Tumescent!
Tumescent!You're not helping.
Would you rather be ravished by a pirate or a British rear admiral?Pirate -- no question.
What do you wanna watch? We've got crap, crap, crap or crapDr. Ruth?
Have a great time, honey!But -- who -- what --?
What just happened?Your daughters went to the prom.
Your daughters went to the prom.Did I have anything to say about it?
Did I have anything to say about it?Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.That ' s what I thought
I never seen heat like this! Not even in Las Minas!The water's going putrid in the barrels.
What are you listening to, chicken ass?Ah, leave him alone. He's doing no harm.
Ah, leave him alone. He's doing no harm.With a face like that? I don't want you looking at me. You hear?
He's the devil's child...We'll all go crazy...
We should have seen land.We left three weeks ago, Alonso. Can't be that near.
You say Asia can be found by sailing west?Yes, your Eminence. The voyage should not take more than six or seven weeks.
Your life, and that of others!If they agree to follow me, yes.
Don't you realize your words could be considered heretical?Blind faith is what I consider heresy!
Asia can be found to the west -- and I will prove it.IF-GOD-WILLS-IT!
The State has some reason to be interested in this man's proposition, Your Eminence...The Judgment is ours!
You can see for yourself.What a tragedy... what a waste of a life...
I could be gone for years.I know.
I know.I haven't given you much of a life.
Are we going to argue?I'd love to argue with you sometimes. But you're never here!
Perhaps I was never meant to live with a woman...I find that hard to believe.
She said yes.Thank God...
I'm not asking you to swear to anything.I don't want you to wait for me.
I don't want you to wait for me.That's something you can't decide.
Beatrix, I want to ask you something.You don't usually ask.
You don't usually ask.I can arrange for the Queen to take Fernando and Diego into her service.
Can't you stay with us a little?I am busy inside.
Forgive me, Don Bobadilla -- those positions have already been taken.May I ask by whom?
May I ask by whom?Bartolome and Giacomo Colon.
Don Alonso de Bobadilla.Yes... I remember...
My letters of appointment.Appointment to what?
Appointment to what?Viceroy of the West Indies.
Viceroy of the West Indies.Congratulations. Then I am free to search for the mainland.
I want to go with you!There'll be a time.
There'll be a time.You promise? Do you swear on St. Christopher...?
Do you swear on all the Holy Saints in heaven?Yes... Yes, I do... On all of them!
I have to explore the mainland.This time with me!
How are you feeling, Fernando?Not bad.
Father...There must be a passage to that other ocean.
What are you listening to?I am not listening, Father. But I can't help hearing.
What does he say?He asks when he can come to visit you. He left his address.
He asks when he can come to visit you. He left his address.He never had one... except aboard my ships!
I want you to tell me everything you remember, Father. From the beginning. Everything.Really? God... I wouldn't know where to start... and yet...
Really? God... I wouldn't know where to start... and yet...Tell me the first thing that comes to your mind.
No...No?
I'm not bargaining!Then you are too ambitious.
You defend yourself admirably...... for a commoner?
But we do have a lack of notaries. You should contact my administration.Don Bobadilla is already a judge, my Dear Don Cristobal.
Don Bobadilla is already a judge, my Dear Don Cristobal.Good! We are also in need of judges. Except there are no thieves!
You seem to have a special talent for making friends.What...? Do I have so many already?
All I have to do is call the guards.Call them.
I am not afraid of you. You are nothing but a dreamer.Look out of that window.
What do you see?Roofs... towers, palaces... spires...
Roofs... towers, palaces... spires...All of them created by people like me.
Say not here! Cuba!What is it? A tribe? An island?
What is it? A tribe? An island?Island. Far.
You come! You speak first!Tell the Chief we thank him.
Tell the Chief we thank him.Chief knows.
Chief says -- how many?Thousands.
Thousands.Why?
To bring the word of God.Chief says -- he has a God.
Chief says -- he has a God.... and also to bring medicine.
... and also to bring medicine.Chief says...
Chief says...He has medicine. Tell him we admire his people.
He understands.Ask him if he will help.
You have to find them, Utapan. Look what they did!You did the same to your God!
God... That's in a week!That's what it says.
That's what it says.How did you manage it?
How did you manage it?With some difficulty. I had to promise them you were not a total fool.
How can you be so certain?The calculations of Toscanelli Marin de Tyr, Esdras...
The calculations of Toscanelli Marin de Tyr, Esdras...Esdras is a Jew.
Esdras is a Jew.So was Christ!
Two minutes... and already you're a dead man. Don't let passion overwhelm you, Colon.I'll try to remember that, Marchena...
I'll try to remember that, Marchena...Father Marchena!
Father Marchena!Passion is something one cannot control!
Passion is something one cannot control!You get so carried away when you are being contradicted!
You get so carried away when you are being contradicted!I've been contradicted all my life... Eternity!
I've been contradicted all my life... Eternity!Only God knows the meaning of such words, my son.
If God intends you to go, then you will go.Damn God!
All of them! Just lies!Colon! Don't!
In Nomine Patris et Filius, et Spiritus Sancti.Forgive me, Father. For I have sinned.
I am listening, my son.Father, I have betrayed my family. I betrayed my men. And I betrayed you.
Father, I have betrayed my family. I betrayed my men. And I betrayed you.What are you saying?
What are you saying?I lied. The journey will be longer than I said.
I lied. The journey will be longer than I said.How long?
How long?I am not sure... It could be twice the distance.
I believed in you...Give me absolution.
I suppose we're both old men now.You'll always be older than me, Father.
I have to disagree.I knew you would.
I knew you would.New worlds create new people.
New worlds create new people.Oh? So you are a new man?
The ocean is uncrossable?What did they say about Granada before today?
What did they say about Granada before today?That she was impregnable.
I cannot ignore the verdict of my council.Surely you can do anything you want.
May I speak freely?You show no inclination to speak otherwise!
How old are you, Senor Colon?Thirty seven, Your Majesty... And you?
Do they have such thoughts?They come and go as naked as the day God created them...
We can't raise the wheel without it.My horse doesn't work.
Don Moxica -- we all have to work.You did not hear me, Don Colon. Not my horse.
Due west, Captain Mendez. And may God be with us...God be with us admiral.
What do you read?Twenty eight.
What's he doing?He's drawing an isthmus... He's saying we're on an isthmus.
He's drawing an isthmus... He's saying we're on an isthmus.We can't be.
Where can I meet this man?Immediately.
You lied! You cheated! We're way past 750 leagues!Six days ago, yes.
Six days ago, yes.You must be mad...!
You must be mad...!We have to keep the hopes of these men alive!
We have to keep the hopes of these men alive!We're on the verge of a mutiny, Colon!
We're on the verge of a mutiny, Colon!You think I don't know that?
You think I don't know that?We're lost!
We're lost!The land is there. I know it!
Jesus Maria! I should have never listened to you!You never did. You did all the talking for both of us, remember?
You never did. You did all the talking for both of us, remember?You bloody...
You bloody...Pinzon, Pinzon... All we can do now is go forward! Think about that!
Pinzon, Pinzon... All we can do now is go forward! Think about that!You tell that to them!
You tell that to them!You're right. Let the men decide.
Is that the man I knew, Treasurer Sanchez?Yes, Your Majesty.
You were right, Don Sanchez... His demands could never be granted.Never, Your Majesty. Although...
... Into a monk...Yes. It would be a pity, wouldn't it? Call him back!
Then, what do you suggest, Don Sanchez?He must be replaced.
He must be replaced.And who would you think of, for such a task?
I know, I should not tolerate his impertinence.Then why?
Then why?Because he is not afraid of me.
Are you my attorney? I'm Emil. I'm insane.I'm not your lawyer until I see the money.
I'm not your lawyer until I see the money.Here. I have your money.
Don't say anything.Where are we going?
Where are we going?I'm coming with you.
I'm coming with you.Yes. Yes, come with me!
Yes. Yes, come with me!I'm invoking rights - this man is represented by counsel. I'm coming with him.
You bring the cigarettes?Oh, sure.
...delusions and paranoia.I was all of these.
I was all of these.Well, you didn't appreciate the severity of it until recently. No question about that.
Well, you didn't appreciate the severity of it until recently. No question about that.What about Oleg?
What about Oleg?Disappeared. They're looking everywhere. Maybe he went back to Czechoslovakia.
Disappeared. They're looking everywhere. Maybe he went back to Czechoslovakia.No, he is here. Shit...
No, he is here. Shit...Don't worry about him. Think about yourself.
Don't worry about him. Think about yourself.What about my movie rights? Book rights?
What about my movie rights? Book rights?Look, I haven't really focused on that kind of thing.
Look, I haven't really focused on that kind of thing.What's your cut? How much?
What's your cut? How much?I would say...half. Half is fair.
I would say...half. Half is fair.No. No way.
No. No way.But it's...
This is not about money, Emil. I need your trust in me.What else do you need?
My father always degraded me. Killed my self-esteem. And my mother was blind.Your mother was blind?
That's what he did to me. He put cigarettes out on me.Your father put cigarettes out on you?
Your father put cigarettes out on you?Out on my back when I was a small boy.
Out on my back when I was a small boy.Can I see your back?
I'm abused. Don't you think?I don't think it's abuse, I think it's torture.
Alright. That's a justifiable homicide.Yes, but he was a cop.
Now I become custody of police department?If you cooperate with the DA - maybe they'll help you with your situation.
If you cooperate with the DA - maybe they'll help you with your situation.I will if they don't send me back.
I will if they don't send me back.They won't until this is over.
Are you married?Divorced.
I can't take you to my place.Somewhere else?
The men are out of quarters - practicing putting out fires.So...the station is empty?
So...the station is empty?Yeah. This way.
You considered becoming a prostitute?Yes, I considered it.
Yes, I considered it.Did you ever turn tricks before?
Did you ever turn tricks before?No.
No.What about back home?
What about back home?No.
So you were never a prostitute?What are you asking me?
What are you asking me?I'm just trying to find out who you are.
I'm not a whore. I'm not a whore.I know.
Are you alright?I still can't believe Eddie's gone.
I still can't believe Eddie's gone.I'm sorry.
Is he your boyfriend?Ludwig? He's gay - are you jealous?
Ludwig? He's gay - are you jealous?If I was your boyfriend, I might be.
A good Immigration lawyer could stall the process. Eddie recommended one.No matter what happens...I'm glad I met you.
No matter what happens...I'm glad I met you.I'm glad I met you.
You better get packed.Right.
Do you have coffee?In the kitchen.
In the kitchen.I'll make some for us.
I'll make some for us.I'll get my clothes.
What are you doing?Pouring it out!
Forget about me. You have enough problems of your own....Do you really want me to forget about you?
...Do you really want me to forget about you?I don't want to drag you down with me.
I don't want to drag you down with me.Daphne, I...
I told your partner, I can't help. I didn't see anything.C'mon, start at the beginning. You know these people?
If I tell you, will you arrest me?Arrest you for what? Why would we arrest you?
Oh.It was my decision, not his.
Oh yeah...? Alright.I'm ready to be briefed. Excuse us.
I'm ready to be briefed. Excuse us.Yeah, sure. Beep me when you're ready for the press conference.
Who did cause and origin?Who do you think, Chief?!
Who do you think, Chief?!Then why didn't you talk to the reporter?
Then why didn't you talk to the reporter?'Cause we got more important things to do, like finding out who did it.
What do you mean, 'cleaned up?'I let her take a shower.
I let her take a shower.A shower!? Did you take one, too?
A shower!? Did you take one, too?No! Nothing happened.
Chief - mind if I take her?Okay. But not water sports.
Well this is gonna end your career and probably mine.End my career?
But Chief? Over this??There's nothing to talk about. Get a good lawyer. You're suspended until your trial.
Yeah, right.What was that, Korfin?
Did the D.A. videotape her deposition?Yeah. He finished awhile ago.
Coffee for me, I gotta slow down.Vodka tonic.
Vodka tonic.Maybe you could just put in a shot of Martell?
I'm gonna propose.When?
When?Tomorrow. At lunch.
Tomorrow. At lunch.You ready?
What's he looking for?A timer.
Where is she?Takin' a bath.
Takin' a bath.Any I.D.?
Any I.D.?Still unknown but we're running prints. Kid over there caught the case.
Sorry...PD only.It's okay.
Only one guys checked in?Yeah.
Yeah.C'mere. You wanna go to homicide school? Here - make yourself useful.
Are you hit?No. I'm okay.
He got my gun! Motherfucker was filming the whole time!I know. Relax. Take it easy. Don't worry, we'll get those fuckers.
Who's there?Police. We'd like to ask you a few questions.
Police. We'd like to ask you a few questions.I have nothin' to say. If you wanna contact my attorney...
I have nothin' to say. If you wanna contact my attorney...Homicide, Miss Hearn. It's Detective Eddie Flemming. Open up.
Do you have any Czech girls working for you?No.
No.Did you tell him you did?
Boy, she's so popular all the sudden.What are you saying?
What are you saying?Daphne. Another guy came in asking me about her, too.
He had a videocamera? Where is she? Quickly!She washes hair up at Ludwig's - a salon on 63rd and Madison.
You know what that is, right?No, what is it?
It's your crime scene now. You can do what you want.Watch the news?
Watch the news?Nah, I musta missed it.
Nah, I musta missed it.Well, just so you know. I gave you guys the credit.
Well, just so you know. I gave you guys the credit.Well, just so you know, I don't care about that stuff.
Well, just so you know, I don't care about that stuff.Nah, why should you?
Nah, why should you?I don't even watch TV.
I don't even watch TV.Good. Good. Commendable.
The Super said he'd seen her before but she didn't live here.Pretty.
Pretty.Hmmmm.
Hmmmm.Maybe you don't care about that either. Prettiest suspect I've had in awhile.
Maybe you don't care about that either. Prettiest suspect I've had in awhile.Who says she's a suspect?
I'll come with you.There wasn't a fire. There'll be nothing for you to do.
There wasn't a fire. There'll be nothing for you to do.I can watch you, Eddie. Maybe I'll learn something.
I can watch you, Eddie. Maybe I'll learn something.This isn't homicide school.
This isn't homicide school.My parents are from Poland. I can help with the Eastern European angle.
My parents are from Poland. I can help with the Eastern European angle.You're Polish?
You're Polish?My folks are.
My folks are.Stay here.
You goin' to the escort service?You got any better ideas?
You got any better ideas?Mind if I ride along with you?
Mind if I ride along with you?This has nothing to do with your fire.
This has nothing to do with your fire.But what if it does? You might need my help.
Two heads.Better than one.
You thirsty?I'm on duty.
I'm on duty.So am I. Alright, I'll go inside and you cover the back.
So am I. Alright, I'll go inside and you cover the back.Of course.
What are you hiding? Why are you afraidShe just saw two of her friends killed! They probably threatened her.
She just saw two of her friends killed! They probably threatened her.Is that all there is?
Why not?Something back home?
She's fucked. Even if that story is true.Raw deal.
You wanna talk to her alone?Yeah.
Yeah.What would your girlfriend think of that?
What would your girlfriend think of that?I don't have a girlfriend.
I don't have a girlfriend.My point exactly.
My point exactly.I'm serious here.
I'm serious here.So am I.
So am I.C'mon. You intimidate her 'cause you're a celebrity. She sees me differently.
C'mon. You intimidate her 'cause you're a celebrity. She sees me differently.You're her Savior? Is she the kid you're gonna save from the burning building?
You're her Savior? Is she the kid you're gonna save from the burning building?You know what I'm saying here.
Hey. I'm a professional.Women like that have a way of turning professionals into amateurs.
Look, Eddie, I'm tellin' you - I didn't touch her.Well, you shoulda because nobody's gonna believe you didn't...including me.
Well, you shoulda because nobody's gonna believe you didn't...including me.I took her there for a shower and that's it.
I took her there for a shower and that's it.Just a shower?
So...who's Nicky?What do you want?
What's your accomplishment.I kill someone famous.
I kill someone famous.Then do it, asshole.
How many victims are up there?There are two bodies found at this point.
There are two bodies found at this point.Can we go up to the crime scene?
Can we go up to the crime scene?You know you can't do that. C'mon.
You know you can't do that. C'mon.Is it drug related?
Is it drug related?We don't know. When I have more I'll let you know.
Detective - can you tell us what happened here?I can't talk right now. We have some things to take care of.
He was hurt, but not seriously. He'll be fine.Do you have the suspect in custody?
Eddie, are you okay?Yeah. Now's not a good time.
Yeah. Now's not a good time.Alright.
Alright.Alright?
Alright?Alright.
Alright.Alright.
Alright.Okay.
Hey, honey.Hey.
What is your problem? Why'd you snap at me? I just wanted a statement.I can't...I can't answer you just because you want me to answer you!
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I embarrass you, sweetheart? Oh...Stop it.
Alright, alright, Eddie. Don't patronize me.I'm not.
That was good. You were holding the evidence.You were merciless. You didn't give a shit if you got me or not.
You were merciless. You didn't give a shit if you got me or not.Well, who was it that taught me how to do that? Huh?
Well, who was it that taught me how to do that? Huh?You're ruthless.
You're ruthless.You're not so bad yourself.
Look at this. You have blood on your shirt. Whose is it?Could be Leon's.
Don't worry about the damn phone. I won't answer it.Answer the phone.
Answer the phone.No. Tell me what you want to say.
No. Tell me what you want to say.Answer it.
Oh my G-d, they want me to anchor. They want me to anchor tonight!That's good.
That's good.Yeah.
Yeah.Well, that's great.
Yeah. I'll do that. As long as you're not patronizing me.Patronizing you... Nay, I love you.
Patronizing you... Nay, I love you.I love you.
Okay, til tonight.Tonight.
Tonight.You promise?
You promise?Yeah. I promise.
Yeah, yeah. Good thing.Okay.
Okay.See you later. Good luck.
See you later. Good luck.Thank you.
Thank you.Don't be late.
I think you're getting a little moody there, Eddie.I'm not moody.
So what's unique?Not what. Who.
That's unique.Yeah. And he still went to the party.
I hope this prick doesn't run. My knees are killing me. Stay behind me.You're worried for my safety. I'm touched.
Ready?Keep them out of my way.
Keep them out of my way.Okay. You ready?
Okay. You ready?Yeah, yeah. Jesus.
Any chance we can do that again?Again? I didn't wanna do it the first time.
I am butcher.You're a butcher? What do you use pig intestines for?
You're a butcher? What do you use pig intestines for?You stuff sausage in it.
You stuff sausage in it.And what do you do with the bones?
And what do you do with the bones?Dog food.
Are you married?No. Are you proposing?
Look asshole. I've been threatened by better than you.No. I'm the best that's ever threatened you.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.Come alone. Bring cash. And we'll talk about surrendering.
Were you a fireman? That how you knew how to rig the apartment?My father was. He gave me many lessons about fire. Now it's my friend.
My father was. He gave me many lessons about fire. Now it's my friend.Tommy, take a walk.
Where's your partner?The Sheraton! On Broadway! Room 210. Go get Oleg. He'll kill you.
Tell him to put his gun down!Let her go! Let her go!!
Let her go! Let her go!!If he doesn't lower his gun I'll fucking kill her.
Hi, I'm Honey.Where's Czech girl?
Where is escort service?That's confidential. Could you put the money on the dresser?
Give me the address!!Alright, alright - don't hurt me! Please, it's in my book, in my purse!
Next. Could I see your documents, please?Yes sir.
What is your intended purpose of your visit to the United States?Two weeks holiday.
Two weeks holiday.How much money are you carrying with you?
How much money are you carrying with you?I have five-hundred dollars.
I have five-hundred dollars.Can you show me? Sir, no cameras in the FIS area!
Is he with you? Are you travelling together?Yes.
Yes.Please join us. Come on forward.
Please join us. Come on forward.Is there a problem?
We are both from Prague.How long are you planning to stay?
How long are you planning to stay?Two weeks.
Two weeks.I'd like to speak for himself, okay?
I'd like to speak for himself, okay?He doesn't speak English.
Who is he?New York's finest. This is his case.
This all you want?Do you know how much killer gets for movie rights?
Do you know how much killer gets for movie rights?In here, says he wants a million.
In here, says he wants a million.Million?! The killer gets one million dollars for a television interview?
Don't fool around.Okay.
Did you hear what I said?I want to document my trip to America.
Look. Times Square. Just like in the movies!Don't speak Russian!
Don't speak Russian!Why? Why do I always have to speak to you in Czech?
Look. New videocameras. Color viewfinder. Image stabilization. Solarization. Night vision.We have no money. Come on.
Turn that off! Get the bags.Why should I carry your bag? I am not a dog.
What?Smell like chemicals...for smoking drugs.
Turn that fucking thing off!I'm not filming. I'm watching Milos die. It's just like a move but realer.
Speak English!You said speak Czech!
You said speak Czech!How you erase this?
How you erase this?I'll do it. Don't hurt my camera!
Whore?I'm homesick. You have Eastern European girl? A Czech girl?
Get in the bathroom!Whatever we do - we fuck her, right?
Whatever we do - we fuck her, right?Oleg, get in bathroom, stay there and shut up!
Shut up.Does it hurt?
Oh, shit. I hate looking at that!Don't want to film this?
What is it?The video of Milos and Tamina - I told you to erase it.
The video of Milos and Tamina - I told you to erase it.I did.
Why not?Put the camera down, Oleg.
What is that?What does it look like? It's an address book!
Let me get a shot of it.Sit down!
Sit down!This way. Hold it this way. Good.
Okay. He has nothing to say. Start the camera!Cut!
In movie they make of us, who do you think would act me?The one who got caught in the bathroom. George Michael.
I'm serious.Shut up. Look!
I told you to cut that out before we handed in the tape!Be quiet. Watch.
You got that?No, I don't get that!
Traitor!!No. You are the traitor. You are murderer. I am director. Action!
Emil???!Surprise! Surprise!
Did you hurt her?You know me...I never hurt anybody. Where's the money?
We spent it!Ha. Ha.
I can get you a job.A job?
A job?Yes, the money is good.
Yes, the money is good.As a plumber?!
As a plumber?!It's easy to learn.
It's easy to learn.A job?? As a plumber??? You think I come to America to work!
A job?? As a plumber??? You think I come to America to work!We started over, you can too.
Robert...?What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?You've got a call.
Viewer discretion advised!You want the tape? There it is!
Isn't he a little moody?Of course he's moody. He thinks he's in love.
Of course he's moody. He thinks he's in love.In love? With who?
Yeah?Paulie, you've got kids, right?
You outta be ashamed. Ashamed of yourself.If I didn't put it on somebody else would! I was his friend!
If I didn't put it on somebody else would! I was his friend!Don't give me that fucking shit.
Well, he...I want to hear everything he said.
I want to hear everything he said.I'm trying to tell you.
I'm trying to tell you.Alright. Go ahead.
Alright. Go ahead.That morning. He was talking to me and Leon about marriage.
A cheap hotel.What are you coming here to do?
What are you coming here to do?I'm here for movies.
I'm here for movies.Movies...to be in the movies or to see movies?
No. Go ahead.Thanks. Appreciate it.
So the way you see it, two crack heads burned themselves up?That's what it looks like to me.
What was that?Evidence. Of a homicide.
I'll take him.No way! He's mine!
No way! He's mine!We're takin' him. Don't argue!
We're takin' him. Don't argue!He's my collar!
He's my collar!Well, he killed my partner!
Got any spare change? How 'bout a spare twenty?Look, I don't have time for you, get out of my way!!
Look, I don't have time for you, get out of my way!!Alright, how 'bout all your fuckin' money?
Okay, you're under arrest! Now you happy?Fire Department? Firemen don't carry guns.
Fire Department? Firemen don't carry guns.Oh yeah? Guess again.
How did you start the fire this time?I used an accelerant.
I used an accelerant.Yeah? What kind?
Yeah? What kind?Hey, by the way, I'm really sorry about your wife leavin' you.
Where you been, man? We got a celebrity!I heard. Who the hell let them up there?
I heard. Who the hell let them up there?I don't know, you think Eddie will give me his autograph?
I don't know, you think Eddie will give me his autograph?You see anything in the crowd? Anybody suspicious?
You see anything in the crowd? Anybody suspicious?Naw - I'm sure the suspect's not here.
Naw - I'm sure the suspect's not here.Oh yeah, why?
Oh yeah, why?'Cause Eddie woulda locked him up by now!
Mouth's clean, too.Clean?
Clean?Don't blow your nose!
The smoke'll permeate your nostrils - burn 'em out. Let it run.But you knew that, right?
He knew all along.What??
What??That's why he was so quiet. He was testing us.
Yeah?Maybe you can be his stand-in.
How long they been livin' here?You hear that question, Garcia?
You go home. I'm takin' your car and goin' back to the crime scene.Aren't you tired?
Aren't you tired?If I go home I won't be able to fall asleep anyway.
Bobby, Bobby! Where're you hit?!It hurts. Aw, Jesus!
It hurts. Aw, Jesus!Lay down. Stay down, Bobby.
How was it?Not good.
Get outta here!What the hell happened?
What the hell happened?They were inside. They booby trapped her apartment!
Room was registered to a Francis Capra.Capra? That's not Czech or Russian. Who said he sounded Russian?
Capra? That's not Czech or Russian. Who said he sounded Russian?The clerk?
Take the car. Get outta here, Tommy.Look, you can't shoot him in cold blood.
Your doctor?Yes. My psychiatrist didn't insist that I stay on my medication.
Yes. My psychiatrist didn't insist that I stay on my medication....so you feel absolutely no responsibility for killing these people?
Look, I'm in here. You call this a career move?And isn't there a movie in the works about you?
And isn't there a movie in the works about you?We're in negotiations, that's correct.
We're in negotiations, that's correct.But doesn't the Son of Sam Law prevent criminals from profiting from their crimes?
SPACE STATTION 5 - LOUNGEWell, how nice to see you again, Elena. You're looking wonderful.
CONTINUEDI'm afraid I've only got a few minutes, but I'd love to.
CONTINUEDShe's wonderful.
CONTINUEDHow did they manage to do that without any communication?
CONTINUEDI'm sorry, Dr. Smyslov, but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this.
CONTINUEDWe're trying to get there. I hope we can.
Hi. Frank... coming in, please.Right. Just a sec.
Right. Just a sec.Okay.
Okay.Okay, come on down.
Dave, if you've a minute, I'd like your advice on something.Sure, what is it?
Sure, what is it?Well, it's nothing really important, but it's annoying.
Well, it's nothing really important, but it's annoying.What's up?
What's up?It's about my salary cheques.
It's about my salary cheques.Yes?
Interesting that you mention it, because I've got the same problem.Really.
Really.Yes.
It's possible.Well, what do you think we ought to do about it?
I suppose the idea was specialized training.I suppose so. Though, of course, there's a more sinister explanation.
I suppose so. Though, of course, there's a more sinister explanation.Oh?
Oh?Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out.
Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out.No, as a matter of fact, I didn't.
That seems very unlikely.Yes, I thought so.
Yes, I thought so.Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now.
Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now.How?
Yes, but it's to fantastic to think that they'd keep something from us.I know. It would be almost inconceivable.
I know. It would be almost inconceivable.But not completely inconceivable?
But not completely inconceivable?I suppose it isn't logically impossible.
I suppose it isn't logically impossible.I guess it isn't.
I guess it isn't.Still, all we have to do is ask Hal.
Well, that's something.Yes, I don't know what to make of it.
Yes, I don't know what to make of it.I suppose computers have been known to be wrong.
Good morning. How's it going?Are you reasonably awake?
Are you reasonably awake?Oh, I'm fine, I'm wide awake. What's up?
Oh, I'm fine, I'm wide awake. What's up?Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again.
Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again.You're kidding.
You're kidding.No.
I don't know. Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure.Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?
Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?Two more.
Hal?Yes.
I didn't do that Frank. I took particular care not to freeze them.I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy.
I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy.I guess not.
I guess not.I think I'll have to go out and burn them off.
I think I'll have to go out and burn them off.Roger.
Sorry to interrupt the festivities, Dave, but I think we've got a problem.What is it, Hal?
What is it, Hal?MY F.P.C. shows an impending failure of the antenna orientation unit.
Not now, Hal, I'd like to talk to you about something.Sure, Dave, what's up?
Yes, I know.You probably also know that we found them okay.
I'm sorry about the misunderstanding, Hal.Well, don't worry about it.
Well, don't worry about it.And don't you worry about it.
And don't you worry about it.Is your confidence in me fully restored?
Is your confidence in me fully restored?Yes, it is, Hal.
Too bad about Frank, isn't it?Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.I suppose you're pretty broken up about it?
The antenna has to be replaced.Repairing the antenna is a pretty dangerous operation.
CONTINUEDYes, I remember you mentioning it. I got mine about the same time.
CONTINUEDDid they have any explanation for this?
CONTINUEDWell, what is it?
CONINUEDWell... it's silly, but... if you want to, why don't you?
CONTINUEDStill, you really don't believe it, do you?
I'm at Space Station Five, darling. How are you?I'm fine, Daddy. When are you coming home?
I'm having a party tomorrow.Yes, I know that sweetheart.
Yes, I know that sweetheart.Are you coming to my party?
When are you coming home?In three days, darling, I hope.
One, two, three. Can I speak to Mommy?Mommy's out to the hair- dresser.
Mommy's out to the hair- dresser.Where is Mrs. Brown?
Where is Mrs. Brown?She's in the bathroom.
She's in the bathroom.Okay, sweetheart. Well, I have to go now. Tell Mommy that I called.
Okay, sweetheart. Well, I have to go now. Tell Mommy that I called.How many days until you come home?
How many days until you come home?Three, darling. One... two ... three. Be sure to tell Mommy I called.
Okay, sweetheart. Have a lovely Birthday Party tomorrow.Thank you, Daddy.
Yes, Daddy.'Bye, 'bye, now, sweetheart.
'Bye, 'bye, now, sweetheart.Goodbye, Daddy.
Oh, thank you very much.Thank you.
Thank you.Well, how's it going back there?
Well, I've heard more and more people talk of an epidemic.I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later.
And your charming little daughter?Oh, she's growing up very fast. As a matter of fact, she's six tomorrow.
Oh, she's growing up very fast. As a matter of fact, she's six tomorrow.Oh, that's such a delightful age.
Oh, that's such a delightful age.How is gregor?
Clavius Control came on the air just long enough to transmit their refusal.Well, that does sound very odd.
Are you sure you won't change your mind about a drink?No, thank you... and I'm afraid now I really must be going.
Well, Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you.Thank you. It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you... Dr. Smyslov.
Well, thank you very much for being so understanding.Please, it really doesn't matter.
Please, it really doesn't matter.Well.. Did you have a pleaant flight?
Well.. Did you have a pleaant flight?Yes, very pleasant.
Yes, very pleasant.Well, shall we go through Documentation?
Well, shall we go through Documentation?Fine.
Yes, I think so. Just about then.I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking.
I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking.Yes, it's coming along very well.
Are you quite sure?Yes, really, thank you very much.
Well, as it happens, I'm on my way up to the moonAre you, by any chance, going up to your base at Clavius?
Are you, by any chance, going up to your base at Clavius?Yes,as a matter of fact, I am.
That's right.I see.
Yes... Well, I hope the crew got back safely.Fortunately, they did.
Fortunately, they did.Well, I'm glad about that.
How can you tell it was deliberately buried?By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill.
By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill.Any clue as to what it is?
But you don't have any idea as to what it is?Tomb, shine, survey-marker spare part, take your choice.
Oh, marvellous. It's the first real sleep I've had for the past two days.There's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest.
There's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest.When do we arrive at Clavius?
Well, fine. Thanks very much, anyway, and I hope you don't mind me asking?No, of course, Captain, I can understand your concern.
Right. Hal, tell me whether the following statements are true or false.I will if I can, Frank.
I will if I can, Frank.Our Mission Profile calls for Discovery going to Saturn. True or false?
Our Mission Profile calls for Discovery going to Saturn. True or false?True.
True.Our transit time is 257 days. Is that true?
Our transit time is 257 days. Is that true?That's true.
That's true.Thank you very much, Hal.
Hal, have pod arms secure the component.Roger.
Five by five, Frank.Hal, I'm going out now to replace the A.O. unit.
Hal, I'm going out now to replace the A.O. unit.I understand.
I understand.Hal, maintain normal E.V.A. condition.
Hal, maintain normal E.V.A. condition.Roger.
Roger.Hal, check all airlock doors secure.
I know you did, Frank, but I assure you there was an impending failure.Let me see the tracking alignment display.
Do you have any idea of what is causing this fault?Not really, Frank. I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure.
Yeah?I want to pick up my car.
Name?Hammond.
This is three years old.Yeah, I've been busy.
We don't wash 'em, ya know.How about chargin' the battery?
Yeah.Vodka.
Vodka.Maybe you better have a Black Russian.
Maybe you better have a Black Russian.No, man, I think I'll have a vodka.
Now how's your memory doin'?Fuck off. I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about.
Fuck off. I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about.Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think.
Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think.I don't give a shit who you ask.
I'm tellin' ya, I'm giving you all I know.Try obeyin' the law once in awhile, and I won't have to hassle you...
Maybe you shoulda stole a better truck, Tonto.You got a real big mouth, convict.
I want to drive awhile.I ain't tired yet.
I ain't tired yet.Maybe after we get done with him I'm gonna buy us some girls.
Maybe after we get done with him I'm gonna buy us some girls.Whaddya mean, buy?
Whaddya mean, buy?Pros.
Pay money?Yeah, dummy. Money.
Yeah, dummy. Money.I never paid for it in my life.
I never paid for it in my life.It's better when you pay... they let you do anything.
Maybe that's where I'm gonna cut your throat.He's just kiddin', you just keep doin' what I tell ya, you'll be okay.
Hey, what kind of talk is that?Oh ... You're a schoolteacher...
Hey, don't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on?Here you go sweetheart, throw it my way.
You're in a hurry.Yeah, i been waiting three years.
Yeah, i been waiting three years.You just quit bein' a priest or somethin'?
Well, maybe I'll see you later ...Here's hoping, baby...
Here you go, baby.Hey, don't do that. I said I wasn't a pro, remember?
I said police. Now drop the goddamn gun.Don't give me that police shit. You drop it.
I hear you've got visitors.Would you guys...
You and the other one, you're still Billy's girls. You always were his girls...Yeah. Sure, i'm crazy in love with him, who wouldn't be...
Yeah. Sure, i'm crazy in love with him, who wouldn't be...You're gonna help us take him.
You're gonna help us take him.No chance.
Where's ganz?In the back. Down the other corridor.
You lying son of a bitch...What are you talking about? We didn't kill her ...
After I get outta this, cop...I'm gonna live forever...I don't think you're gonna make it.
I don't think you're gonna make it.Whaddya mean...I got your gun ... I got his money... I got everything...
I got hit. I can't believe it. I got shot.You're done. End of story.
You're done. End of story.I ain't gonna beg for my life. It ain't cool.
You got a name, cop?Try Cates. And let's talk in private, okay?
Try Cates. And let's talk in private, okay?Sure, anything you want.
You here to write my life story?Not likely, Reggie. Maybe I just need some help.
Yeah?I can deliver Ganz. But you gotta get me outta here first.
I can deliver Ganz. But you gotta get me outta here first.You're crazy.
What's the big deal about you bein' on the street?I got a lot to protect.
I got a lot to protect.Bullshit.
Bullshit.It's the only way you're gonna get Ganz.
It's the only way you're gonna get Ganz.I'll think about it.
This prison gives out $400 suits?What are you talkin' about? This suit's mine. It cost $900.
Yeah.It looks like you bought it off one of the brothers.
Luther was part of the gang?What gang you talkin' about, Jack?
What gang you talkin' about, Jack?I can read a police file, shithead, and quit calling me Jack.
I can read a police file, shithead, and quit calling me Jack.Just an expression man, don't mean nothin'.
I don't give a damn. It happens to be my name.Then what're you complainin' about? At least nobody's calling you shithead....
Then what're you complainin' about? At least nobody's calling you shithead....I may call you worse than that.
I'm tellin' you to drop the Goddam gun.I got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me.
I got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me.Just throw me the Goddamn gun.
Hey, this works pretty good.Thank you.
Thank you.Want to try it again?
What do you think?I think you better put him on ice, man.
I think you better put him on ice, man.He's gotta take that call ... if there is one.
Speakin' of moans my Stomach is startin' to growl.We eat when I say we eat.
Yeah, I'm hungry too. I know of a place. Let's go eat.Yeah, I want mandolins, flowers... They move off down the corridor.
Who'd you call on the phone back at the booking station?Just get in the car and keep your mouth shut.
Now, where we goin', convict?Mission District. Gonna find us an Indian.
I don't give out the details.Last night, two nights ago, three?
Last night.You have a good time?
Back you up? Now why would I wanna do that?If they kick my ass, they'll sure as hell carve yours up...
I'll tell you what happens if you lose... you tell the truth for once.What are you talkin' about?
I don't know what you're talking about. I just wanna see Ganz nailed.The bet's off.
I'm gonna enjoy this ... here, I'll even loan you my badge.I thought you said bullshit and experience are all it takes.
This place don't seem real popular with the brothers.My kind of place. I always liked country boys.
That wasn't necessary, buddy. I got this under control.Some of us citizens are with you all the way, Officer.
You made that move, huh?While you're at it, You can give me the switchblade, too.
There.Must be billy's girl.
Must be billy's girl.Come on.
Yeah, right. You want to try again?Naw, you'd just call your pals back to bail you out one more time.
Naw, you'd just call your pals back to bail you out one more time.They saved your ass, convict.
They saved your ass, convict.One thing's for sure, Jack. That's how you'll tell the story.
I been waiting a long time for some money.How much?
How much?Half a million.
Half a million.Jesus.
We split 50-50?Not likely, convict.
Not likely, convict.You gonna let me keep any of it?
Where's the money?In the trunk of a car. A lot better than under a mattress, right?
Where's the goddamn car?You're a real case, you know that, Jack?
This'll show you how smart I am. I got it parked....For three years? Let's hope it wasn't a tow-away zone.
...For three years? Let's hope it wasn't a tow-away zone.You just drove by it.
What?Musta got some primo bondsman.
You'd think the guy'd be smart enough to know he was being tailed.Tryin' to save his girl, man. He's in another world.
Say, do you always work people over like you did Luther?If they don't tell me what I need to know...
If they don't tell me what I need to know...Doesn't it get... Tiring?
That was in style a couple years back, man.Right. if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping, then you're all set.
Bullshit. Then i'm staying with the money.You stay with me...
You stay with me...No way...
Where's luther?Be polite. Say hello. This is Candy.
Be polite. Say hello. This is Candy.Hello. And goodbye.
What about Luther?What about Ganz?
Maybe we should pay Luther a visit.Let him get some sleep. He's going to need it.
Bein' good at your job don't explain everything, Jack ...Yeah. Guess not.
That was quick.When you been in prison three years, it don't take long. Let's go.
When you been in prison three years, it don't take long. Let's go.Why?
Why?Luther's on the move...
Notice something funny about that bus?Yeah. It missed the last four stops.
It's late, they're closing...Don't worry about it.
Do I get to kiss her too?If she's right, and if you don't screw up.
Hey, there she is...Whatever play I maker just back me up.
Whatever play I maker just back me up.If we run into Billy first, let me try and talk him in.
Partnership?Well, you got to admit we come a long way.
You okay?Yeah. But I wasn't there for a second.
It's your money. It'll be here in six months when you get out.And you're tellin' me you don't want any of this cash?
And you're tellin' me you don't want any of this cash?That's right. Not my style, Reggie..
Yeah...Anthing botherin' you besides losin' your gun?
Jack?Yeah?
What the bell happened?I lost them, that's what happened.
I lost them, that's what happened.How did they get away?
How did they get away?They ran. As fast as they could. Caught a train.
Which one pulled the trigger?The Indian. I was about 30 yards away.
The Indian. I was about 30 yards away.You couldn't get to him?
Where the Christ do you think you're going?I'm taking my prisoner back to jail.
That's what you say, Cates...Yeah.
Is that what this guy Ganz had in the hotel?Every last bit of it. The big guy's room was empty.
Every last bit of it. The big guy's room was empty.I'll help you out.
This guy must have had a .44 like yours, Jack. Now he's got yours.Shit.
Who are all these?They all pulled a bunch of jobs with Ganz about four years ago.
They all pulled a bunch of jobs with Ganz about four years ago.Wait a minute, wait a minute... who's this?
Wait a minute, wait a minute... who's this?Uhh ... Wong, Henry Wong. He was in on the same job.
Tell me that's not the same guy.Hey ... Dick Tracy.
Here's the file. Cates checks the file.One of em's in the slam.
You look awful.So do you...been a long day.
Aw, bullshit, you heard wrong.Doesn't look like it.
Doesn't look like it.Nothing came in for me yet? No calls?
Nothing came in for me yet? No calls?Nothing.
Bullshit red tape.I'm heading out. How about you?
I got to wait for a call.Okay. See you in the morning... you know, you ought to get some rest...
A cop...I sure ain't his fairy godmother... now I'm looking for Ganz...where is he?
I sure ain't his fairy godmother... now I'm looking for Ganz...where is he?Haven't seen him for years. That's the truth.
He ... he wants me to help him skip town.When? How?
When? How?I dunno ... he's gonna call me...
What am I wanted for?I don't answer questions, I ask 'em...
Hey, you're right.You're hopeless.
You're hopeless.That's the way I see it, too.
I'm all wet.What's wrong with that?
A guy in the bar called me a dumb bitch today.What'd you do?
Hey, you know what I really think?Tell me--I'm dyin' to hear it.
Maybe you ought to buy me one.Maybe I would if I knew when you were coming back.
That's a fairly crummy way to start a morning.Maybe I got a fairly crummy day ahead.
Maybe I got a fairly crummy day ahead.Maybe that makes a nice excuse.
Maybe that makes a nice excuse.Maybe you don't know what the hell you're talking about.
You know something, Jack, you really are hopeless.That's the way I see it, too.
That's the way I see it, too.Call me later.
Call me later.You sure you want me to?
You sure you want me to?Yeah, for some reason, I'm sure...
Thanks for the coffee.I think you forgot this. Hands him his wallet and badge...
I think you forgot this. Hands him his wallet and badge...Guess people ought to know who I am...
Great place for lunch.Yeah, one of my favorites.
Yeah, one of my favorites.You made the front page.
Yeah, Guess it must have been a slow news day...Jack, are you okay?
I'm at work, asshole. Where else?Elaine! I... I'm sorry... I was expecting somebody else... police business.
Elaine! I... I'm sorry... I was expecting somebody else... police business.No wonder you're so popular.
No wonder you're so popular.No, it's I'm just surprised you called.
No, it's I'm just surprised you called.So am I.
The number ... what's the Goddamn number?Jack? What was that?
Elaine, I gotta put you on hold...Jack, wait...
Jack, wait...Just a second, that's all!
Hello.Hi, it's me...
Hi, it's me...Fuck you.
Hey, I don't believe it.Hiya, kid.
Hiya, kid.I ought to have you and your friend thrown out...
I ought to have you and your friend thrown out...Don't. We've had a hard night.
You real down?I've been better...Dead end. No Ganz, no Indian.
How do you know?Jack, it's all over the papers. He's an obvious type. But this Indian...
Hey, Come on, shrink time's over. They wouldn't go see some old girlfriend.Oh, yeah, well look where you came when you were down and out.
Whaddya think?What do I know? I'm just a bartender.
What do I know? I'm just a bartender.Let's go, Reggie.
I've been waiting a long time to hear you say that.Yeah, bein' a hard-ass all the time is a real drag, but it works.
Three more hours...Where is he?
Where is he?Promised I'd turn my back while he... ah, never mind...
Promised I'd turn my back while he... ah, never mind...Tell me.
You're impossible...That's what I always say.
Hard man to live with.How would you know?
How would you know?Hey, two days with him is enough.
Hey, two days with him is enough.That's no bull.
Hey...Shut up.
Shut up.What the hell's wrong? I didn't do anything.
What do you want? What's goin' on?Shut up.
Stall.What do you want?
Keep stallin'.Alright, I'm coming...hold on.
How hot are they?Hot? Hey, they're not even room temperature.
How ya doin'?Can't complain.
Can't complain.We got a lot to talk about.
We got a lot to talk about.Yeah, old times.
Yeah, old times.We'll follow you. Take it slow,okay?
We'll follow you. Take it slow,okay?Sure, right.
Surprise, Luther.Whaddya want? I thought you were locked up-
Whaddya want? I thought you were locked up-I want the money, asshole, what do you think? The money that Reggie hid...
I want the money, asshole, what do you think? The money that Reggie hid...I don't know what you're talkin' about.
I don't know what you're talkin' about.You want that Indian to snap her neck?
Instead of worryin' about Reggie, you better worry about me...Don't give me this, we were partners.
Don't give me this, we were partners.Billy, go ahead, break it...
Billy, go ahead, break it...No! Don't kill her. I can get you the money.
No! Don't kill her. I can get you the money.When?
When?I can't get it until Monday. Honest.
I can't get it until Monday. Honest.You chickenshit punk...
Let her go.First, the money.
Rosalie, you okay?What are you talkin' about? I said I wouldn't hurt her.
How you doing, man?Not bad, not bad.
You want to go outside?Naw, right here's okay.
You sure?I'm sure. Everybody here's looking at everybody else's ass.
How about some ammo?It's loaded... I got some shells in here.
How much?This is clean shit. No serial numbers and never been used...
This is clean shit. No serial numbers and never been used...Don't mess with me. How much?
Don't mess with me. How much?Five bills.
Five bills.Five. On credit.
Five. On credit.This ain't a credit business.
Give it back.Try and take it.
Fuck you. You got no right for this kind of play.I'll got your money to you. No sweat.
Appipulai Leeloo Minai..Corn-i-Lius?
Corn-i-Lius?At your service.
What're you laughing about?Napoleon... small.
The case..with the stones... Where is it?San Agamat chay bet... envolet!
San Agamat chay bet... envolet!The case was stolen?
Ikset-kiba. Me imanetaba oum dalat!You know exactly where they are!
Vano da, mechteba?! Soun domo kala chon hammas!No, I'm not proud of myself... But we don't have the luxury of choice.
Akta dedero ansila do mektet.I can't pretend to be your husband... David's in great shape.
...We're saved!I'm fucked!
Zorg. Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg... nice to see you againI remember you now..the so called art dealer.
...would you like a drink?No thank you.
You are a monster, Zorg!I know...
Excuse me, I'm looking for a priest.Weddings are one floor down. Congratulations.
That's me. But I don't know who she is... where did you find her?She dropped in on me... holding this.
Who are you?I brought the girl remember?
I brought the girl remember?The girl?
He's a she!You noticed...
So you do know her.Uh yes, we're cousins..distant cousins..
They all like this in your family, father?She's an exception..
She's an exception..Thank you so much for your help Mr...?
Thank you so much for your help Mr...?Dallas. Korben Dallas.
She's fine, really..don't you worry.. just needs some rest..she's had a very long trip.I know. I was there when she arrived.
It means, "Never without my permission".That's what I thought.
Is that the usual way priests go on vacation?We're not going on vacation..we're on a mission..
We're not going on vacation..we're on a mission..What kind of mission?
What kind of mission?We have to save the world.
We have to save the world.Good luck..
Good luck..Of course.
What are you doing?Trying to save your ass so you can save the world.
Leeloo's in trouble?When is she not in trouble?
When is she not in trouble?Uh.. Have you tried the Diva's suite?
And you don't know how they open, is that what you are saying?That's what I'm saying.
Is there anything that can stop it?Yes..thank God..
It's a miracle!!!What is?
Father, will you please explain what's going on?The Supreme Being, the fifth element is here, in our parish!!! It's a miracle!!!
Father. You sure she's the Supreme Being?Absolutely sure There's the triple suns on her gloves!
They really made her...Perfect.
Where's Leeloo?On the plane... with Mr. Dallas... the real one.
On the plane... with Mr. Dallas... the real one.It's all my fault. I'm the servant... It's my mission! Here!
You're all safe. Thanks be to God!Later, David! Later! There's not a minute to lose!
You're a good man... She was right to have chosen you...Who?
Who?The Fifth Element... The Supreme Being... Your wife...
Do you love her?I... I don't know! We hardly know each other... it takes time!
I... I don't know! We hardly know each other... it takes time!I don't have time... I need to know.
I'm sorry, but... the Stones...They are... with me...
Yeah?Hey bud! Finger here.
I love you too Major, but you haven't called me that since basic training.I was talking to the cat.
I was talking to the cat.Oh, yeah, I forgot.You still prefer your cat to the real thing.
I don't want a million - I just want one. A perfect one.Don't exist bud.
I just found a picture of you.How do I look?
How do I look?Like shit.
Finger! I'm driving a cab now, not a space fighter!!How many points you got left on your license?
How many points you got left on your license?Uh... at least fifty.
Uh... at least fifty.In your dreams! See you tonight!
Hello?Hey bud...I'm waiting all day here.
So, just how big was this fare?5'7", green eyes... long legs... great skin... perfect..
Uh huh..and I don't suppose you got the name of this..perfect fare..Leeloo..
Akina delutan, nou-shan....'Scuse me?
Daya deo dono Dato. Dalutan!It there's one thing I don't need advice on, it's how to drive.
...Priest...You're not that bad... Come on we'll get you to a doctor.
Vito... Cor... Ni-lious... Priest...Vito Cornelius?
...What's your name?Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.
Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.Hey, that's... cute... Do you have a nickname, something a little... shorter?
Hey, that's... cute... Do you have a nickname, something a little... shorter?...Leeloo.
The Fifth Element...Take them and put them in a safe place.
Will the elements be gone now forever from this place?When mankind comes to its senses. We will return.
When mankind comes to its senses. We will return.Knowing mankind as I do, that could take centuries!
Knowing mankind as I do, that could take centuries!Time is of no importance, only life is important.
When EVIL returns so shall we.We will be ready, Lord.
...Hello?You're the nastiest dirtbag I know in this stinking City!
You're the nastiest dirtbag I know in this stinking City!Hi Ma...
Are you listening to me, you ingrate!Yes ma..
I'm coming!. Ma, what're you talking about?I get it! You want to make me beg, is that it?
You just won a trip, you dolt! Ten days in Fhloston Paradise for two!Ma. If I'd won, I'd know about it. Someone would have notified me.
Ma. If I'd won, I'd know about it. Someone would have notified me.They've been blaring out your name on the radio for the last hour, blockhead!
Yeah?Have you pulled yourself together?
Have you pulled yourself together?...Not yet.
Hello?You little sleaze bag!
You little sleaze bag!...Ma???
Welcome on board Mr. Dallas..How you doing this morning? Sleep OK? I didn't.
Fuel level 6.03..Propulsion 2x4...I had the worst goddamn nightmare.
I had the worst goddamn nightmare.You have nine points left on your license..
You have nine points left on your license..Thanks for reminding me..
I'm sorry..This is a police control action..
30 seconds...Anyone know how to release the lines on this crate?
6... 5...Found it?
...Hi.Does it get any better or what!
You don't do what I say... I'll waste you myself. Got it?Got it...
Six to the left. One to the right.He's on vacation.
He's on vacation.We got to find the leader. Mangalores don't fight without a leader.
Maybe we oughta be going, what do you think?Not without Leeloo.
Like Korben, can I have 30 seconds of your time here?I'll be right back.
You know how to fly this thing?It's like a cab isn't it?
I don't even know what I'm looking for!Fuck it! Hold tight!
What did you say? What did you do?Nothing! Swear to God, I didn't do nothing!
Is that all?Yeah... then I sighed... like this.
What mission?To save the world.
To save the world.Where have I heard this song before?
Two: Of all the members of your unit you were the most highly decorated.And the third one?
And the third one?You're the only one left alive...
Don't you open your messages?I've had enough good news for today
You couldn't come up with something a little more discreet?Old tricks are the best tricks eh?
Old tricks are the best tricks eh?I'm not going.
I'm not going.Why not?
Why not?One reason... I want to stay the only one left alive.
...Shit!What is it?
It's my wife.I thought you were divorced.
Three of us will never fit in there!Oh, yes you will...
Apipoulai!I suppose that means "Hi" ?
Valo massa... Chacha hamas.Uh..you're welcome.
You hear that?Cornelius..
Cornelius..Oh god!
Apipoulai!Not hard to find you...just follow the Chaos...
Love...Yes! But "love" isn't the operative word here, PEACE is!
Finished what?Learning language.
Learning language.Which one?
Which one?All 900.
You learned 900 languages in five minutes?!Yes! Now it's your turn! I learned your language, you have to learn mine!
Apipoussan!Apipoussan?
Apipoussan?Good! Do you know how we say "make love"?
Good! Do you know how we say "make love"?Uh...
Uh......Hoppi-hoppa.
Here we go again...You know women normally change five times more than men.
You know women normally change five times more than men.You get that off the screen?
You get that off the screen?Yes... you know there's a lot of differences between men women.
Yes... you know there's a lot of differences between men women.You noticed..
You noticed..OK, you can turn around!
Where you going?I'm going to see the Diva sing. What's the matter?... Do I look bad?
I'm going to see the Diva sing. What's the matter?... Do I look bad?No, not at all! I mean, just the opposite, you're... you're beautiful!
I told you I need to work in peace. Remember? I need to concentrate.And you can't concentrate with me around?.
And you can't concentrate with me around?.It's difficult.
I'm so very sad.Why? We did pretty well, wouldn't you say?
Why? We did pretty well, wouldn't you say?Five hundred wars... Arms... Drugs... Money... Everything you create is used to destroy...
Five hundred wars... Arms... Drugs... Money... Everything you create is used to destroy...I told you not to read all that crap!
I told you not to read all that crap!Protect life... Until death.
Leeloo? The Stones! We have to open them! How does it work?The wind blows... the fire burns...
The wind blows... the fire burns...I know all that, Leeloo! I'm talking about the Stones.
I know all that, Leeloo! I'm talking about the Stones....The rain falls...
It's up to you now, Angel!I'm so tired...
I'm so tired...You can sleep tomorrow... come on...
You can sleep tomorrow... come on...I want to sleep... forever...
What's the use of saving lives... when you see what you do with them!You're right but there are lots of good things... beautiful things...
You're right but there are lots of good things... beautiful things......Like love...
...Like love...Exactly.
Yes, you do! I need you. More than you can imagine! Stand up straight!Why?... Why would you need me?
Why?... Why would you need me?Because...
Tell me...I love you...
Not going to open?I've never gotten a message that wasn't bad news.
I've never gotten a message that wasn't bad news.How someone strong like you scared from a message? Is good news I sure!
The cash man!Been here long?
Been here long?Don't fuck with me man or I'll blow you into tomorrow!
Isn't that a Z140? Alleviated titanium. Neuro charged assault model?Uh..
Uh..You know you could hurt someone with this puppy..good thing it's not loaded..
It's not?You gotta push the little yellow button...
Thanks..You're welcome..
This is all that survived?Actually only one cell survived..
Actually only one cell survived..Have you identified it?
Sounds like a freak of nature to me.Yes... I can't wait to meet him.
This thing solid?An elephant couldn't crack it.
Mr. President, let me introduce you to Professor Mactilburgh, who runs the center.It's an honor to receive you. Mr. President.
I managed to contact the Mondoshawan. They deplore the incident, but accept our apologies.And the Stones? Did you find them in the wreckage?
And the Stones? Did you find them in the wreckage?The-Stones weren't aboard the ship.
The-Stones weren't aboard the ship....What do you mean?
I want your best man on this!Don't worry, Sir. I have the perfect one.
They just landed in the desert.How much time is left?
Staedert, do you read me?I can hear you, Mr. President, but I can't see you .
Is that better?Perfect, Mr. President.
Perfect, Mr. President.I have to address the Supreme Council in 10 minutes. Just the facts, General.
Not yet Sir..The only thing we know is it just keeps getting bigger!Options.
Options.Wait or act.
Wait or act.Recommendations.
Staedert? What's going on? Did you destroy it?I'm about to, Mr. President.
A weapon against evil. Amazing! I am going to be famous.Then let us toast to your fame! Here Billy..
Drink!To fame.. salud..
How's that? Can you hear me better now?Yes, Mr. Zorg, I hear you perfectly! So, how was the concert?
Yes, Sir!Dispatch me another ZFX200 immediately. Someone stole mine.
Dispatch me another ZFX200 immediately. Someone stole mine.Right away, Sir. I'll send you a new one to the hotel.
Right away, Sir. I'll send you a new one to the hotel.I'm not at the hotel!
Am I disturbing you?No... not at all. Where are you?
...Not far, now.Really? Maybe I can get you on my screen and see you at last!
Do you have the picture now Mr. Zorg?Got it.
Got it.How's our deal coming along?
The Stones will be here. I'll see to it personally!...I can't wait to be among you.
Welcome home.Do you know how much I missed you?
What's this... have you been smoking... ?Smoking? I'm not smoking.
Smoking? I'm not smoking.Your clothing reeks of it.
I'm not accusing you...Well, I'm not smoking, okay?
Well, I'm not smoking, okay?Okay, I believe you.
Okay, I believe you.We've been all through that. I've been on my best behavior.
You better not be smoking, that's all I can say.Honey, I'm not, please...
I love you.I love you.
You think you'll have time for the water heater this weekend?Sure. I'll call the guy.
Sure. I'll call the guy.You're not using the same guy who tried to fix it?
This is the mortgage. This is Cindy's college money.I understand.
I understand.Sometimes you can't know what I'm doing. It's better that way.
Sometimes you can't know what I'm doing. It's better that way.I know.
Hello?Amy, it's me. Listen very carefully..
Amy, it's me. Listen very carefully..Tom? Where have you been... ?
... What's going on?Just do it, Amy, please, go.
What happened to you?I'm okay, honey, I'm okay. Are you alright?
I'm okay, honey, I'm okay. Are you alright?What's going on, Tom? What happened?
What's going on, Tom? What happened?I can't tell you, Amy. You know I can't. You have to trust me...
I can't tell you, Amy. You know I can't. You have to trust me...Tom...
Tom...It has to be this way for now. It won't be long.
Why haven't you called? Why don't you answer your phone?I don't know. I'm sorry...
I don't know. I'm sorry...You're sorry? What was I supposed to think?
You owe me an explanation. You can't treat me like this.I wanted to call. I couldn't.
I wanted to call. I couldn't.You couldn't?
You couldn't?You don't understand...
You don't understand...No, I don't, because you're not telling me anything!
You should have.Amy, I'm not going to let anything happen to us.
I don't know what to sayYou're killing me...
You're killing me...Don't...
Don't...What was I supposed to think happened to you?!
What was I supposed to think happened to you?!Amy...
Who are you calling?Mrs. Christian.
Mrs. Christian.What?
What?She's all I've got. She's the only witness.
She's all I've got. She's the only witness.Tom... she's dead.
She died in her sleep three days ago. It was in the paper...I just talked to her.
What are these?Mixed hard bondage. Rape films. Sick shit. Buy five, get one free.
Anything harder?There's nothing harder.
There's nothing harder.Snuff?
Snuff?What you see is what I got, mister.
Bullshit.I'm telling you...
Dino...Nobody knows anything.
What the fuck... !I promised him to Machine.
It's an honor to meet you. Thank you for seeing us.What can I do for you today?
I'd like to commission a work. I'm a great admirer of yours.Flattering. And, who's your colorful little chum?
Flattering. And, who's your colorful little chum?A fellow investor.
A fellow investor.Hmm.
You said something about money.Yes. What we're looking for is rather specific.
That's five thousand dollars.Is it?
And they are?I want to watch you work.
I want to watch you work.I'll consider it.
Machine.If it's not him, there's no deal.
He might be interested... but it would mean another five thousand.We can do that.
I'd rather you didn't.What's the problem?
What's the problem?I'm camera shy.
I'm camera shy.You trust me to keep your money, but not to take your picture?
I'll do this for you. Fifteen thousand dollars.Machine's in?
Machine's in?He's in. It will be his pleasure.
Where's that?Brooklyn. Don't be late.
You brought the money?Right here.
Excellent.Where are the women?
Where are the women?They should be here any minute.
What are these for?Hmm? Oh, the knifes? They're just props. Nice, aren't they?
Hmm? Oh, the knifes? They're just props. Nice, aren't they?Sure.
What are you... ?Take out your gun!
Empty the gun onto the table, very carefully.Look, I don't know what this...
You remember Mr. Longdale, don't you?I remember him.
Friend of yours?Look, he's got nothing to do with this... let him go...
Look, he's got nothing to do with this... let him go...Can you guess what I'm going to say next?
Can you guess what I'm going to say next?He doesn't know anything... he's got nothing to do with this...
He doesn't know anything... he's got nothing to do with this...Bring the film, or we kill him.
I'll get it. It's in a safe deposit box, in the city...How cooperative. Longdale will keep you company.
Is that him?Put the gun down, take the handcuffs. Handcuff yourself to the bed.
You're a dead man.Leave him alone.
Leave him alone.Fuck off.
... sorry...First things first. You might want to watch this, Mr. Welles...
You got the guts, tough guy? Gonna kill us all, is that it?You betrayed us.
What can I do for you, Mr. Welles?Call me Tom.
Call me Tom.Alright, Tom.
Why not go to the N.C.I.C. or N.C.M.E.C.?I figured you share information.
I figured you share information.We do.
We do.For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive.
For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive.Why don't they come to me?
They were pretty clear they didn't want this coming back on them.Well, that's all I can do. Sorry.
You're gonna be seeing a lot of me. You're sure you don't mind?It's good what you're doing.
Celebrity Films.Eddie.
Eddie.Yeah, who's this?
Yeah, who's this?I know what you did.
I know what you did.What?
What?I know what you did.
I know what you did.Who is this.
Who is this.You murdered that girl, Eddie. Six years ago...
You murdered that girl, Eddie. Six years ago...What the fuck are you.. ?
What's he talking about?One million dollars, Dino. How much did he tell you he had...
I'm gonna kill you.Don't bore me with that bullshit.
Don't bore me with that bullshit.How'd you find me here?
Don't ask questions.Fuck you!
Starting to recognize a pattern?What do you want?
What do you want?Who is Machine?
Who is Machine?I don't know...
I don't know...I want his name.
I want his name.I told you, I don't know.
Yeah, the fucking lawyer.Told him you could get him a snuff film.
Told him you could get him a snuff film.Yeah.
Yeah.How much did he pay you?
How much did he pay you?Thirty thousand each, that fucking cocksucker.
Thirty thousand each, that fucking cocksucker.That's all? Thirty each. That's all it took for you to murder her?
That's all? Thirty each. That's all it took for you to murder her?It was a lot of fucking money.
Something like that.What did you do, knock her out, shoot her up... ?
What did you do, knock her out, shoot her up... ?What the fuck do you want from me?
What the fuck do you want from me?I want to know. I want to know exactly what you did to her!
Show me where you did it, on the map, exactly where you did it.Why?
Why?Because we're going there.
I don't know. I felt like it. I never saw anyone get done before.You enjoy it?
Tell me what happened.What do you want to know? You saw it, you saw the loop...
What do you want to know? You saw it, you saw the loop...Nobody saw you bring her in?
What did you do with her body?Took it out the bathroom window. Buried it in the woods.
Took it out the bathroom window. Buried it in the woods.Show me.
Stop talking.You got absolute zero.
You got absolute zero.Show me where you buried her.
Show me where you buried her.I don't know... ... out there somewhere.
I don't know... ... out there somewhere.Where? Show me where.
Do it.Don't think I won't.
Easy enough for you.I never killed anyone.
Of what sort?You are a private investigator?
You are a private investigator?That's right.
They're no friends of mine.Except, you're willing commit murder with them.
Shut up.Mary Anne Mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered.
Mary Anne Mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered.Shut your mouth and drive!
You're asking me why?I'm asking.
Why did he buy a film of some poor, lost girl getting butchered?Isn't it incredibly obvious?
Isn't it incredibly obvious?Enlighten me.
You almost went over your limit.Fuck you.
Give me the film.You'll get it when we get there.
Big date tonight?Yeah... guess so.
Yeah... guess so.Can I interest you in a battery operated-vagina?
Can I interest you in a battery operated-vagina?Pardon me?
Pardon me?My boss tells me I have to do more suggestive selling.
My boss tells me I have to do more suggestive selling.Well, it's tempting, but no thanks.
Wouldn't want to embarrass yourself in front of your fellow perverts.Might get drummed out of the pornographer's union, and then where would I be?
Remember me?Came back for that battery-operated vagina, right? Told you you would.
I need some information. Thought you might be able to help.Thomas Welles. Nice picture.
How long you been working there?Three, four years.
Three, four years.What's your name, if you don't mind me asking?
What's your name, if you don't mind me asking?Max.
I'm not a cop.You're a private eye. Like Shaft.
You're a private eye. Like Shaft.Not quite.
Not quite.From Pennsylvania. P.I. from PA. What are you doing out here?
How much?How much do you make now?
How much do you make now?Four hundred a week, off the books.
Sounds good, pops.Here's my number if you need it... When can you start?
Here's my number if you need it... When can you start?Tomorrow night, I get off at eight.
Tomorrow night, I get off at eight.See you then. Oh, and, don't call me "pops."
... Hello... ?Wake up, pops. Your education begins tonight.
Snuff films.I heard you asking. That guy wasn't yanking you around. There's no such thing.
I heard you asking. That guy wasn't yanking you around. There's no such thing.What other ways are there to get illegal films? Who do you see?
How old are you?Twenty-five.
Twenty-five.Where are your parents?
Where are your parents?I don't know, where are yours?
I'm not mixed up in anything, hayseed. What are you talking about?You just strike me as smart enough to be doing something else.
What about me?I see a ring on your finger. You have any kids?
I see a ring on your finger. You have any kids?A daughter.
Specialty product.You're learning.
You're learning.Where does he sell it?
I'm a working stiff, pops.Take a vacation. I'll pay you four hundred a day, plus expenses.
Take a vacation. I'll pay you four hundred a day, plus expenses.You want me to come out there and play private eye?
You didn't say it was gonna be this luxurious.It's their Presidential Suite.
It's their Presidential Suite.Great.
Wha... ?Who is this, in the mask? Who is he?
Who is he?I told you, he's one of Dino Velvet's stock players...
I told you, he's one of Dino Velvet's stock players...Who is he, his name?
You don't need to be here.What kind of Junior P.I. would I be if I didn't go with you?
Still don't want to tell me what you're doing?Nope.
What's this?It's money. People use it to purchase goods and services.
Mister Welles. You're very prompt.I try to be.
Have a pleasant evening. Will you have tea, Mister Welles?Thank you.
He's odd.He's a lawyer. Please, sit, here...
I've been privileged to provide services for people I admire.You are highly recommended. Praised for your discretion... your strict adherence to confidentiality.
As you know, my husband passed away recently. Two weeks ago now.My condolences.
My condolences.His passing has left me with... something of a dilemma. A terrible, terrible dilemma.
His passing has left me with... something of a dilemma. A terrible, terrible dilemma.I'll do whatever I can to help.
Do you want to tell me what you found?Cash, stock certificates, and this...
It's a film... of a girl being murdered.I'm afraid I don't...
Will you watch it and see for yourself?Of course. But, I'm certain it's nothing to worry about.
You... you need to go to the police.I told you I can't, not yet.
I told you I can't, not yet.You don't have any other choice.
I deal in divorce cases. Corporate investigations...You've found missing persons before.
You've found missing persons before.Nothing remotely like this.
Okay...My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash.
My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash.I'm not positive this means anything.
I'm not positive this means anything.The checks were for odd amounts...
Okay, I follow you so far...Totalled together, these five checks from five different accounts, they equal one million dollars.
Totalled together, these five checks from five different accounts, they equal one million dollars.You're joking.
You're joking.To the penny. Exactly one million dollars in cash.
Hello... ?I'm here.
I'm here.Do you think the film could have cost that much?
You told me to look, so I looked.You're one hell of a detective, Mrs. Christian.
Hello?Mrs. Christian, Tom Welles here.
Mrs. Christian, Tom Welles here.How are you? Having any luck?
How are you? Having any luck?I don't know if luck's the word. Are you feeling alright?
I hope it's nothing serious.Nothing more than a bother. Have you any news for me?
How will I get it to you?If you have a pencil and paper, I'll tell you how to send it.
Yes... ?Hello, Mrs. Mathews, my name's Thomas Jones, I'm a state licensed investigator...
What was the name... ? I've got it here somewhere...Neil... Neil Cole.
They hired you. You're like, a private detective?That's exactly what I am.
No.She just seemed... depressed... ?
What was she running from?I don't know.
Yes.September 4th, 1993. About a year after Mary disappeared.
September 4th, 1993. About a year after Mary disappeared.We were divorced by then. Things fell apart... he was living with a friend...
We were divorced by then. Things fell apart... he was living with a friend...Why do you think he did it?
Why do you think he did it?It got to be too much for him.
I had to ask. I apologize.No one knows what it's like. You can't even imagine how much it hurts.
People remember me from the news. Can you drive me back now?Of course.
We're all like that.Are you religious?
Are you religious?No.
No.You should be.
There wasn't one. The police looked.Do you think the police did a good job?
Do you think the police did a good job?I don't know. I think so.
How... how can you say that to me...?Will you let me look?
Mrs. Mathews, your daughter is dead. She's dead.Who is this... ?
No...He raped her and...and...and he murdered her...he cut her up with knifes...
He raped her and...and...and he murdered her...he cut her up with knifes...No... no... no...
Yes... I remember MaryYou... you do? You're sure? Please, Sister, will you take another look, make sure...
You... you do? You're sure? Please, Sister, will you take another look, make sure...Yes. I remember her.
What is this?Those are her belongings.
Those are her belongings.Her belongings?
Her belongings?That's her suitcase. I had forgotten it, till you showed me her picture.
None too discreet, is he?No, sir, he is not.
No, sir, he is not.He's an imbecile. I tried to warn my daughter, but what can you do?
The um... you'll find my invoice in the envelope. If that's all...Yes, Mister Welles, thank you.
Yes, Mister Welles, thank you.Certainly, Senator. If I can ever be of further assistance.
Okay, I'll take it all.Excellent. we accept MasterCard and American Express.
Excellent. we accept MasterCard and American Express.Cash.
Alright. May I have your phone number, area code first?No, you may not.
No, you may not.Okay. Fine.
Don't you think it kind of defeats the purpose?What?
What?The mirror. You can't see yourself in it.
The mirror. You can't see yourself in it.I don't want to.
Yeah. She'd be half as strict as you.But she wouldn't let Dad treat me like that.
But she wouldn't let Dad treat me like that.Look, you gotta stand up for yourself. Learn to fight back.
Rick...I can't.Never say can't. Just do what I do.
Alice, you think you can leave?What's wrong?
What's wrong?Kincaid and Joey died last night.
Kincaid and Joey died last night.What?
You alright?Kristen...
I heard you screaming. Was it a bad one?It was bad.
It was bad.Doesn't the dream master work for you anymore?
Doesn't the dream master work for you anymore?I can't find him.
Hey, since when do you play Thomas Edison? This looks like Sheila's.It is...was. It's a zapper, it might help me stay awake.
It is...was. It's a zapper, it might help me stay awake.Yeah, or turn you into toast.
I can't go back to sleep again.I haven't slept much either. Since Kristen...
I'm sure they're around.Yeah, I'm not so sure.
I love to dream, I just hate ones about my dad.You could do worse.
I daydream. you have to dream about some place fun. Remember you're in control.How'd you learn so much about dreams?
How'd you learn so much about dreams?When they're all you have, you kinda become an expert.
You in a hurry?I gotta get to the library before it closes. Killer physics test.
I gotta get to the library before it closes. Killer physics test.I know. I hardly have any time to study.
Ohhhhbaby, I am dead on my feet.We have matching luggage.
We have matching luggage.What?
You've been up all night?That obvious, huh?
That obvious, huh?Then you saw him, too?
No...You're his sister, right?
You're his sister, right?Rick stayed later after school with Kristen. She wasn't feeling very well.
Rick stayed later after school with Kristen. She wasn't feeling very well.Tell him I was looking for him, okay? I'm Dan.
Tell him I was looking for him, okay? I'm Dan.I know. Uh...Alice.
No, don't! I gave Sheila to him and now she's dead!Kristen's story really got to her.
I've been working double shifts.Extra money, huh?
Extra money, huh?Look, you know why, you just don't believe me.
No offense, or anything, but it's kind of hard to swallow.The story is, the deaths you can't argue with.
How long have you been awake?Three days.
Not really.Is there something we can do?
Is there something we can do?I don't think so. I guess this is my own war.
He's going after Debbie, I gotta stop him.Hey, you're not alone. We have to stop him, I'm with you.
Hey, you're not alone. We have to stop him, I'm with you.You just feel sorry for me.
As long as your driving doesn't kill us.It's okay, we're just about there.
He's going after Debbie. I gotta stop him.You know, I get the weirdest feeling we've been through this before.
Here we are.Something's wrong here. It feels like...
What the hell was that?Debbie. She's gone. I've...collected her, like the others.
You look great!Save it for later. Come on!
Rick, please.Alright, I think I see salvation...
I think Sheila's more interested in dissecting bodies than just admiring them.Give her time. Beauty is skin deep.
It was Freddy.Enough of that crap.
Enough of that crap.I saw it. It was my dream. I brought Sheila in...
T-T-Thanks Alice...Earth to Alice...
Hey, Rick!Excuse me, ladies. I'll just be a moment.
I don't get it.Let me talk to you.
Hey man, we're all sorry...She knew she was gonna die.
Been up with Alice.How she doing? I ran into her last night.
What's wrong with me?Your distraught. It'll help...
Honey, we went over this in therapy.Mother, you've just murdered me. Take that to your goddamn therapy...
Something wrong with the stairs?Avoid-all-contact-day.
Avoid-all-contact-day.What?
What?When dad's popping aspiring like popcorn, it's avoid-all-contact-day.
What is it?Oh God! He killed them!
Now you know who and what Freddy really is.I though Freddy was just an old town story.
I though Freddy was just an old town story.It's no story. It happened. Freddy's real and he's back.
I'll tell you later.It's no just a house. It's his home. He's waiting there for me...to dream.
It's no just a house. It's his home. He's waiting there for me...to dream.It's okay, babe. We're with you.
It's okay, babe. We're with you.I told you you can't help. This isn't a normal nightmare. I'm doomed.
Feeling better now?Yeah. I guess so... What happened?
Yeah. I guess so... What happened?You had a nasty bump.
I gotta get out of here.You just stay put. You need rest.
You just stay put. You need rest.You don't get it, he's after me...
You don't get it, he's after me...Don't worry, honey
Excuse us, dear.It's okay, Dan
Frankly, dear, we wondered what you intend to do with our baby?What I what? Well, I've thought about it. I plan to keep him.
Look, I appreciate what you're offering, but no. He is my responsibility.And ours. It's our grandchild.
In your present condition, Alice, we're worried about your ability --What are you talking about? My "condition"?...
Hey...wake up.Huh?
Shouldn't you be in your room, Jacob?It's lonely in there, in my room.
It's lonely in there, in my room.My name is...
I'm sorry your boyfriend got killed.How did you know that?
Hi, you don't look very well. Are you feeling all right?Been having bad dreams.
Is that who you're waiting for?No...
Who says I don't like you?My friend, with the funny hand.
Mommy...?Come on downstairs. He won't hurt you. He needs us both.
Where is he?He's inside you, where he hides.
What do you mean?It's where he hides out. Inside. That's how he found me.
But how...?He says it's easy. Especially with sad people. With closed-off people.
Hi, beautiful.Jesus! Don't do that!
Jesus! Don't do that!Sorry, babe.
Okay, babe. What's the matter?Nothing...it's just...I didn't see my father at the ceremony.
Nothing...it's just...I didn't see my father at the ceremony.He'll show up. C'mon, what's really wrong?
You stopped it didn't you? It was probably just a regular bad dream.Yeah...I guess.
Yeah...I guess.You don't dream him up, he can't hurt you. Or me. Or us. Remember...
You don't dream him up, he can't hurt you. Or me. Or us. Remember...You're right.
You're right.There you go. Love you.
There you go. Love you.Me too.
That's in the past. Unless you've stopped going to the meetings.No. A deal's a deal.
Where are we going?To take a picture.
Thanks for everything, Dad.You sure you don't want a ride to work?
You sure you don't want a ride to work?It's just across the park.
I'm so sorry, honey...Daddy, he's coming back...Krueger's coming back. Make them understand.
How was the meeting?Sobering...
Sobering...Very funny.
Very funny.Alice...
Alice...Since when are you such a smart shopper?
Since when are you such a smart shopper?Since my little girl became a mom...
Since my little girl became a mom...You disappointed in me?
Alice!I've got to go.
But Dad --Now.
Hey, what's wrong with you -- let's see a smile.Had kind of a long night.
Had kind of a long night.Dan keeping you up again? Put a lock on that window, girl.
Dan keeping you up again? Put a lock on that window, girl.No, the Dan part was nice...
Good to see you again, Mr. Grey. I've got to go find Dan.Yeah, before they revoke his diploma.
Did everyone call everyone?They're waiting for us...but let's keep this dream stuff between you and me.
What's that got to do with it?When Dan died you weren't even asleep. You said so. End of story.
It was just an accident. Like with Dan.No accident. I tried to warn all of you about Krueger.
You had me scared on the phone. What's wrong with the baby?I think Krueger's trying to do something to it.
I really think you need to calm down now, okay?I just can't figure out how he's getting in when I'm awake...
Look...we're all tired. None of us had any sleep since Friday night...That's the only reason you're alive...
Are you alright?Yeah...So that's him. And you're not crazy.
You think that's the place she's buried?If they actually bothered to bury her.
What?Jacob. We've got to get to Amanda before it's too late.
You do good work, Alice.So did Dan.
Give up, Mark, it's hopeless.I think I'm starting to wear her down. Have some anyway.
Not to mention the heartbreak of psoriasis.Greta, come on. One burger with me?
My dad's got this thing about drinking in the house.Well we gotta do something!
I've got to write some of this down.That's why it's my fault Dan's dead.
Mark, are you okay?Yeah. I'm just aces.
I thought about that.She must've fallen asleep at the table...
Then get out!Mark!
Do you think I'm an idiot...for being in love with her?Nobody thinks that.
Tell me some more about this Krueger guy.Why don't I go make some coffee. There's a lot to tell.
Who's Jacob?My baby!
My baby!What, you named it already?
Where are you going?I'm going to see what else I can find out about Mr. Fred Krueger
I couldn't do that, Mark. He's my last link with Dan...No, I want him.Then we'll find another way.
They think I'm nuts.That's their problem.
They couldn't prove it. No body! Nuns bumping themselves off is bad for business.But I've seen her grave.
But I've seen her grave.Empty plot. Memorial stone. Vacant. They never did put her under. Cool, huh?
Poor woman...No shit.
I don't understand.She killed herself. Her soul's gonna be in torment.
Yeah, when are you gonna come to your senses?Next life. Oh, what's that?
Next life. Oh, what's that?My undying love. Have some.
Meet me later. Milkshakes. Cherry pie. Banana splits. And no mom!Pimples, heartburn, cellulite... and no modeling career.
That club sucks, they card everybody. Let's just party at your place.You know my mother -- get real. What about Alice's?
He's right. Sometimes I feel like I'm living with Melicertes.Who?
These things are wild... What do you think?Makes you look like a nun--
Stop saying that, it's bullshit.I want to talk about the baby.
Vomit?Faint.
It's okay.Stick around, please?
You, too?He invited me to his house last night.
It was supposed to be. Dad had a heart attack, two days ago.How is he - ?
What is it?Your 'out.' This came for you.
Your 'out.' This came for you.My father! He's not - ?
My father! He's not - ?Dead? Matter of fact, he's much better. He's left the hospital.
We're <u>all</u> risking our lives!That may be. But Dad stays where <u>he</u> is, and I'm staying here!
That may be. But Dad stays where <u>he</u> is, and I'm staying here!You're really a mixed-up oddball, aren't you?
Unidentified Flying Objects.Then...this is a 'flying saucer?'
Yes?Which is the one - we have to worry about?
But if they <u>do</u>?I don't know.
Reef!So they caught up with you, too?
<u>That's</u> the worst possible moment?What could be worse than disappoint- ing a little girl?
What could be worse than disappoint- ing a little girl?Disappointing a <u>big</u> girl!
You've asked why I stay a bachelor? There goes the best reason I know!Huh?
Huh?I might have a son like <u>that!</u>
I guess Skipper Neilsen re- tired before you enrolled at the Academy, didn't he?I guess.
Have you ever talked to Carl - tried to see his side?'His' side? I've seen it, all right. A nice, bright yellow!
We're stuck tight!Skipper! Look at the depth gauge!
You've got to let us try, Skipper --'Us?'
You all wait here. I'm going inside, take a look.Not <u>alone</u>, you're not!
I think you're right.Go back and tell Dr. Neilsen. Have him report to the Skipper.
Yeah?Listen! Hear that?
Hey - you know somethin'? It's getting lighter in here!You know - it <u>is</u>?
And if I didn't <u>know</u> better - I'd swear we were moving!Let's get back to work, and maybe we <u>will</u> be, soon.
You hear that?The sound again?
Where do you think the voice you heard was coming from?Somewhere down there?
Somewhere down there?Wonder where Powell and Carney are?
Wonder where Powell and Carney are?We'll have to look for them later.
Well?I'm with <u>you!</u>
Here - keep these. It wants me to come alone.Oh it does???
Dave - !What's goin' on in here, Lad? What - ?
Get ready. We shove off as soon as Griff reports all the crew aboard.Right, Skipper.
Is there any way out of it?Seems to be all around...
Seems to be all around...What about down?
What about down?I...don't know!
Course and speed?Speed...about twenty-two knots. Course...due north!
A mass of jelly-like stuff came out of the thing, and caught our torpedo!What???
What course, Skipper?Right at our one-eyed friend!
You better take Powell and Carney with you --The frogmen?
The frogmen?With their underwater experience, they'll be invaluable. Take sidearms, and flare pistols --
With their underwater experience, they'll be invaluable. Take sidearms, and flare pistols --Sidearms? But the saucer's dead.
Sidearms? But the saucer's dead.We hope!
Excuse me, Skipper---Yes, Griff?
Yes, Griff?All internal repairs completed, and Frogmen report exterior damage minor.
Skipper - could you take a look here...?Something wrong?
Something wrong?The inertial navigation system. Must have been knocked out in the crash.
The inertial navigation system. Must have been knocked out in the crash.Why do you say that?
Why do you say that?We're dead in the water. But it indicates we're moving!
We're dead in the water. But it indicates we're moving!What????
Now they feel it...down below.Radiation level...constantly rising...
Under <u>water</u>?High-intensity arcs will burn, submerged. And millions of volts...discharged in random directions...
...above Murmansk, and Finland.Suppose our theorizing is correct? Then this <u>could</u> be the next danger point!
The radiation level - from the saucer - it's rising!What direction does the system indicate?
As we near the Pole...There's got to be an explanation!
There's got to be an explanation!There is. I believe our friend...Cyclops... is returning to life!
All ready?As ready as we <u>can</u> be! I'll report to the Skipper.
Who with?Dr. Neilsen. He'll be - -
'Doctor' Neilsen? When did <u>that</u> happen?Huh?
Huh?It'll be all right. We're old friends!
What do you think?I think I should have joined the Air Force!
Determine extent of damage, immediately.After torpedo room: Report!
You're sure it's Cyclops?Take a look.
What's the running time?Thirty-four seconds!
Right <u>at</u> him?That's what I said!
That's what I said!But - what can we accomplish?
But - what can we accomplish?We can <u>ram</u> him!
Suppose there's an atmosphere, of some kind, inside Cyclops?What?
Straight to the Pole - at almost fifty knots!Nothing we can do, now.
What's the corrected bearing to the Magnetic Pole?Minus three.
Remove your weapons, Commander. And come here - alone!Come where?
Swell!Your friend was to remain where he was!
He did!I am afraid not. Therefore -
Why not me? What am I - the closing act?On the contrary. I want you - unharmed - perfect.
On the contrary. I want you - unharmed - perfect.Why?
That's why no water leaked inside when we rammed you?Of course. But it is time to be- gin the return voyage --
To navigate, won't you have to... see your way?Obviously.
Obviously.<u>That</u> might be a <u>little</u> <u>rough</u>!
My yeoman will show you to your quarters.Thank you.
Well, I'll be - !I'll be another!
We've asked ourselves that - over and over - a thousand times.But <u>answers</u> are what we need - not more questions!
Due north. At five knots...no, six!Toward the Pole!
Cyclops will have to linger at the Pole to recharge his power banks.All right - go to it.
You got yourself a computer, Alma.Been putting my files into it. You take sugar and milk?
Been putting my files into it. You take sugar and milk?No. Black.
Alma, I think there's some dirty business going on in this town.Always has been.
Who?Evan Twombley, the union boss who got shot. Somebody murdered him.
Evan Twombley, the union boss who got shot. Somebody murdered him.Who?
Who?You know Jack Hewitt, the kid I work with?
Sometimes things are simpler than you think. Let me ask you a question.You don't believe me?
Has anybody offered to buy it?As a mater of fact, yes. LaRiviere.
This is from three years ago. Some difference, huh?What is the Northcountry Development Association?
Twombley involved?No.
What are you boys up to?Same old shit.
Tell me.Chub says you're fired.
Chub says you're fired.He can't fire me. LaRiviere already did that this morning.
I plan to. Soon.How soon?
How soon?This spring.
Yes.Fine. I'll need a $500 retainer. You can mail it.
Fine. I'll need a $500 retainer. You can mail it.Jesus. How much... how much will the whole thing cost?
You heard the news.I hear Twombley got shot.
I hear Twombley got shot.Yeah.
Lawyer? I don't need no lawyer, do I?No, of course not. Just say it, that's all.
He's on to us!Shit! What are we gonna do?
Shit! What are we gonna do?Maybe I can buy him off. I gotta talk to Mel.
Maybe I can buy him off. I gotta talk to Mel.You can't buy Wade off.
You can't buy Wade off.We bought you.
We bought you.That was me.
If you get it?Yeah.
Yeah.You might not kill it.
You might not kill it.You think so.
You take care of your end, kid, I'll take care of mine.Mmm.
And you'll get your extra hundred bucks.Wonderful!
I'm okay.Follow close. We'll cross the next meadow.
I used to play ball.Yeah?
Yeah?Drafted by the Red Sox.
Drafted by the Red Sox.You played for the Sox?
You played for the Sox?Double A. New Britain.
Double A. New Britain.Oh.
Oh.Pitcher. "Best ballplayer to come out of New Hampshire since Carlton Fisk."
Pitcher. "Best ballplayer to come out of New Hampshire since Carlton Fisk."Really.
Really.They said.
They said.Hmm.
Hmm.The only difference between me and that Clemens on TV is luck, shit luck.
The only difference between me and that Clemens on TV is luck, shit luck.What happened?
Safety on?Yeah.
Yeah.This way.
This way.Sun's gettin high.
Sun's gettin high.Deers have ears too.
Fresh tracks. Deer shit. Big one. Here's your buck, Mr. Twombley. I'll circle around.You only got a little while if you want your hundred bucks.
Don't mind if I do.LaRiviere's having a hell of a time in there. Master of fucking ceremonies.
LaRiviere's having a hell of a time in there. Master of fucking ceremonies.Where's that gun you were bragging on today?
No brag. Just fact.Got you for -- 450, 500 bucks?
I thought I told you to move that truck!Relax, Chief. We're leaving. You wanna toke?
Like you and Gordon?Right. The sonofabitch couldn't get along without me.
Right. The sonofabitch couldn't get along without me.Yeah, he'd go broke tomorrow if you quit him.
Yeah, he'd go broke tomorrow if you quit him.Right!
Bastard's got his high beams on.Shit.
Where'd Twombley get shot?In the chest.
In the chest.No, I mean whereabouts.
No, I mean whereabouts.A half mile in, along the old lumber road.
A half mile in, along the old lumber road.You bring him up yourself? That's a steep climb.
You bring him up yourself? That's a steep climb.The ambulance guys lugged him up.
The ambulance guys lugged him up.You stayed away?
You stayed away?Yeah.
Yeah.Where'd you get the blood?
Where'd you get the blood?What blood?
What blood?On your sleeve.
On your sleeve.Musta... How'd I know? What're you doing, playing cop?
Well, I didn't actually see him do it. Like I said.Sure you did.
Sure you did.What?
What?Saw him do it?
You musta seen him get shot. I know you did.Let's get the fuck outta here. You're not making any sense, man.
Yeah.Twombley sure as hell won't be shooting it again.
Twombley sure as hell won't be shooting it again.He sure as hell won't.
I'm fucking out of here.Lawford?
Lawford?Out of this fucking job. This job sucks. Working outside in the winter sucks.
Open the door, will ya?Why don't you quit now, you want out so bad?
Why don't you quit now, you want out so bad?Open the door. We're late.
Yeah.Look. Those kids are still trick-or- treating. They're still out.
Those are the Hoyts.I don't care. They're out.
Why do they do that?Do what?
Do what?You know.
You know.Break stuff?
Break stuff?Yeah. It's stupid.
Yeah. It's stupid.I guess they're stupid.
I guess they're stupid.Did you do that when you were a kid?
Was it funny?To us it was.
To us it was.But it's not funny now.
I bet you did lots of bad things.What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?I just think you used to be bad.
Go on, Jill. Some of those kids you still know.I don't want to.
It's not that.What then?
What then?It's stupid.
It's stupid.It's fun.
It's fun.I want to go home. I don't like it here.
No.No what?
I called Mommy.What? You called Mommy? Just now?
What? You called Mommy? Just now?Yes.
Yes.Jesus, why?
Jesus, why?I... because I want to go home. She said she'd come and get me.
See, I knew you'd be mad.Yeah. Yeah, right, I'm mad. What'd you tell her, for Christ sake?
Yeah. Yeah, right, I'm mad. What'd you tell her, for Christ sake?I told her I wanted to come home. Daddy, don't be mad at me.
She's gone already! Gone already! Couldn't wait.Yes.
Yes.That's all you got to say? "Yes".
That's all you got to say? "Yes".Yes.
Dad.I'm glad you're here. Can you stay for a while?
Are we going in this?Yeah. My car's in the shop. This'll be fine.
Yeah. My car's in the shop. This'll be fine.It's pretty old.
It's pretty old.It belongs to Pop.
It belongs to Pop.Pop?
Pop?Grandpa. My father. It's his.
Grandpa. My father. It's his.Oh.
How about a Big Mac?Mommy won't let me eat fast food. You know that. It's bad for you.
No.What do you want, then?
What do you want, then?Nothing.
Nothing.You can't have nothing, Jill. We need lunch. Mr. Pizza?
You can't have nothing, Jill. We need lunch. Mr. Pizza?Same thing, Daddy. Mommy says --
Same thing, Daddy. Mommy says --I know what Mommy says. I'm in charge today, though.
I know what Mommy says. I'm in charge today, though.Okay. So we'll get what you want. What do you want?
Okay.Fine.
Please don't cry. Please, honey.What are you sorry for?
I want to go home.You can't.
That's illegal, you know.I know.
I know.You're a policeman.
You're a policeman.Nope. Not anymore. I'm nothing anymore.
Nope. Not anymore. I'm nothing anymore.Oh.
Jill, please, it's alright. Nothing happened.I want to go home.
I want to go home.Okay, let's go home, then.
Tomorrow, Gordon.Watch this snow. It's coming down tonight.
Told you the snow was coming down. Take the grader.Where's the plow?
Where's the plow?Jimmy took it. Jack's out hunting with Evan Twombley.
Jimmy took it. Jack's out hunting with Evan Twombley.His son-in-law damn near killed me.
His son-in-law damn near killed me.Huh?
You don't want the extra police pay?I'm not saying that.
Fuck you.That's what I love about a small town. You know everybody.
What's the hurry?A hunting accident. Jack and Twombley.
A hunting accident. Jack and Twombley.Huh?
Huh?I figured you already heard.
Fuck. Turn it off. All you heard was there was some kinda accident?Twombley's shot. I heard that. Not Jack. He's okay, I assume.
Twombley's shot. I heard that. Not Jack. He's okay, I assume.Fuck. You don't know how bad or anything?
Fuck. You don't know how bad or anything?You mean Twombley?
You mean Twombley?Yes, Wade, I mean Twombley. Put out that cigarette. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
You ain't the hunter Jack is. And he can't drive the grader worth shit.Like hell.
That must've been Twombley. Jesus. I bet that was Twombley.You want me to follow them to Littleton?
It ain't done, if that's what you mean.Something bugging you?
Something bugging you?Yeah. A few things.
How you holding up, Wade?I'm fine, fine.
I'm fine, fine.You Rolfe? I remember you from high school. You're a teacher now? Harvard?
Sorry about the long lunch. My clutch is going out again.You ever think of getting a new car, Wade?
You ever think of getting a new car, Wade?On what you pay me?
On what you pay me?Elaine! Call Chub Meritt and have him pick up Wade's car, fix the clutch.
I saw Mel Gordon in here this morning.So?
Want to buy?Don't light that in here. I'm allergic.
Don't light that in here. I'm allergic.I won't. You interested?
I won't. You interested?Maybe.
Maybe.You and Mel Gordon?
You and Mel Gordon?Could be.
Lillian!Where's Jill?
Yeah.She's grown up some, hasn't she?
You ever come to your father's grave anymore?No, not anymore. It's too... it's too far.
No, not anymore. It's too... it's too far.We should talk.
We should talk.We've done all our talking, Wade.
We've done all our talking, Wade.It's just...
Yeah, lots.See. Get your boots.
See. Get your boots.Hi honey.
No problem. Look, I...You make me sick. I can't believe you've sunk so low.
Are you okay, Wade? What was wrong? Why were you holding everyone up?Did you see that sonofabitch in the BMW? He could've killed somebody.
Did you see that sonofabitch in the BMW? He could've killed somebody.Did you get his number?
Did you get his number?I know who it is.
I know who it is.Good. Who?
Good. Who?Mel Gordon.
Mel Gordon.I still don't understand --
New hat? Jill's up, I see.For a while.
For a while.How's she doing?
How's she doing?Okay. She's fine.
See you tomorrow, maybe.You okay?
You okay?Yeah.
You okay?Yeah.
Yeah.I'm sorry about what I said.
I'm sorry about what I said.Said what?
Said what?About you and Jill and needing a third person. She went back to Lillian?
About you and Jill and needing a third person. She went back to Lillian?Forget it.
Forget it.I'm sorry.
You don't mean that.Yeah. I mean that.
Call me.Tonight. Let's get together.
Tonight. Let's get together.Okay.
Money.Jack doesn't need money.
I can see what you looked like as a kid.You knew me as a kid.
Oh, Wade.I've been thinking about it, that's all.
I've been thinking about it, that's all.You've been married twice --
Alright. I'll think about it.Good.
Are you sure they're home? Did you call?The truck's here. Looks like they've stayed inside since the snow started.
Strange.Think they're alright?
Think they're alright?Of course! I would've heard.
Of course! I would've heard.How?
How?I don't know for Christ's sake!
This is nuts.Wade.
What happened?Jesus Christ, Pop, let's go home. I got waylaid. Sorry.
What on earth is happening to you? Why are you acting this way?It's my tooth! My fucking tooth! I can't even think anymore because of it.
It's my tooth! My fucking tooth! I can't even think anymore because of it.I heard you talking. You got fired this morning, didn't you?
Don't lie to me. You're leaving me, I can see that.Don't be silly. Hi, Jill.
Have you been heating the house? Not just with the stove.There's a furnace.
There's a furnace.You're not using it today?
You're not using it today?It's broke I guess. There's an electric in the bedroom.
Coffee's perked.When did she die?
When did she die?Is...? She's dead then?
It makes me sad.Can --?
Can --?Makes me sad it was her. Instead of me. I shoulda froze.
Whitehouse. Next time, phone ahead.How's that?
What the hell are you talking about?I'm issuing you a ticket. Moving violation.
Hold on!Don't ever put your hands on me, Mr. Gordon.
Don't give me a hard time, Mr. Gordon. I'm just --Doing your fucking job. I know. I watch television too.
Doing your fucking job. I know. I watch television too.Yes. Here's your ticket.
Who are you?I was... I'm Wade Whitehouse. I was wondering, is your husband here?
I was... I'm Wade Whitehouse. I was wondering, is your husband here?He's asleep. We were up very late.
Something about my father?Oh, no. No, it's a... it's a traffic thing. No big deal.
Oh, no. No, it's a... it's a traffic thing. No big deal.Can't it wait, then?
It don't look right.What?
What?The sign. It looks like it's spelled wrong or something.
You talked to Jack?Not since last night. He took a guy hunting.
Jack?The other guy.
The other guy.Where... how'd you hear that?
Jillie, you want a cheese grilled sandwich?It's called a grilled cheese sandwich, you dub.
His office. You mean my old office.Well, I guess -- that's what he said.
Well, I guess -- that's what he said.He got his deer yet?
Just do it.Atta-go.
What was that? You got something to say, say it! Say it!Nothing.
Nothing.You no-good pup!
Jesus, Pop, how can you stand the cold, dressed like that? Where's Ma?Sleeping.
Sleeping.You remember Margie Fogg?
You remember Margie Fogg?From Wickham's. Been a while. Like some coffee?
From Wickham's. Been a while. Like some coffee?How you and Ma doing? Haven't seen you in town for a while.
How you and Ma doing? Haven't seen you in town for a while.We're alright. Your Ma's sleeping. You want me to get her?
We're alright. Your Ma's sleeping. You want me to get her?Yeah.
Where's Ma?She's coming.
Is there something wrong with the phone?In the living room.
In the living room.Why didn't you call and have the furnace fixed?
Why didn't you call and have the furnace fixed?Wade. I thought she was alright. Till this morning she was.
Pop, for Christ's sake!You think you can take me now? Come on, try.
Love! What the fuck do you know about love?Love! I'm made of love!
Love! I'm made of love!Call it what you want.
Call it what you want.Everything you know is from me.
Everything you know is from me.Yeah.
Yeah.Bang!
Bang!You and me.
Rolfe.Wade?
Who?Twombley.
Twombley.No shit.
No shit.You think Jack shot him?
You think Jack shot him?Well, it was an accident.
Lillian was here. In Lawford.Huh?
Huh?The night before the shooting.
The night before the shooting.How was she?
Who?Jill. I was thinking of getting a lawyer. Maybe you can help me.
Jill. I was thinking of getting a lawyer. Maybe you can help me.What happened?
What happened?A divorce lawyer. A custody lawyer. You know, 'cause of Jill.
Don't think about it. You're exhausted.Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, I guess.Get some sleep.
Haven't you already done a bit of that?No, no, I haven't. Not really. I've growled a little, but I haven't bit.
Pointless to stand around in church with nothing to do, I guess.What about Jill? Is Lillian bringing her?
Anyone else want one? Rolfe?No thanks. I don't drink.
No thanks. I don't drink.Yeah. I forgot.
What about Margie?What about her?
What about her?Well, do you still plan to get married?
Anything new about the shooting? Twombley?I guess it was an accident, like everybody thinks.
I guess it was an accident, like everybody thinks.Want to know what I think happened?
Find them everywhere.I think your first response to the Twombley shooting was the correct one.
I think your first response to the Twombley shooting was the correct one.Which is?
Which is?That it wasn't an accident.
That it wasn't an accident.Then who shot him?
Then who shot him?Well, your friend, I think. Jack Hewitt.
Well, your friend, I think. Jack Hewitt.Motive. You gotta have a motive.
Motive. You gotta have a motive.Money.
Not particularly.Right's right, goddamnit! Don't you care what's right?
Right's right, goddamnit! Don't you care what's right?I care about what happened. The truth. I'm a student of history, remember?
Yeah.I hate to disappoint you, but I don't think it happened.
I hate to disappoint you, but I don't think it happened.Of course it happened. Why would I lie about it?
Of course it happened. Why would I lie about it?It may have happened, but not the way you said.
It may have happened, but not the way you said.You think I wouldn't remember a thing like that?
I know what it means. I'm just running out of ways to use it.For what?
It's not like he hasn't made us wait a few times.Well, you aren't the President, dear.
Well, you aren't the President, dear.Yeah, no duh.
You don't want to say hi to your father?I'm sure he's busy.
I'm sure he's busy.Don't you even want to ask?
Hey Joey, how `bout a cocoa, double whip cream.Alice...
Alice...Mom, just this once, give it a rest.
Mom, just this once, give it a rest.You're jet-lagged. We'll talk about this back...
You're jet-lagged. We'll talk about this back...Back at The Fishbowl?
He's in a meeting. He can't be disturbed.I'm sorry, honey.
I'm sorry, honey.No, it's okay. After all, he is the President, right?
Some kids were teasing you?That's not really the point.
You're right and I'll tell you a secret. I know exactly how you feel.Big secret. You said the same thing to Newsweek.
Mom?Yes dear?
Yes dear?I'm sorry I was so mean to you earlier.
Daddy. Daddy, please...Jim... for godsake!
I don't drink coffee.You must be tired. It'll wake you up.
You must be tired. It'll wake you up.No, thank you. The gunfire did that.
You're one of Stravanavitch's men.So, you study world events, little one. That's good for a girl your age.
Fuck off, you stupid asshole.It would be a pity to squander such a strong personality.
He didn't leave us.You are a resilient man, Mr.
Oooooh, I'm good.Hey, you guys back already?
How was... ...the ballet?It was the experience of a lifetime.
It was the experience of a lifetime.How `bout a hug for the old man.
Alice!Daddy...
Daddy...Alice... I...
How you doing, sweetie?Been better, Dad... You?
Oh NY god... oh my god... oh my god...It's okay, honey. I got you. I got you. You're okay.
There they are!Okay, I'm slowing us down.
Did we warn them off?Yes. They refused to alter course and the 747 would not answer our hails.
It's some kind of trick... a preliminary airstrike in response to our troop movement.They are in our airspace. We would be within our rights.
Do you see the maintenance panel?Got it.
Got it.Pop it open. There should be a red switch, toggle it up.
Pop it open. There should be a red switch, toggle it up.Okay, it's on. We've got some indicator lights here.
It's cut.cross it... The static overwhelms the voice, then cuts out.
U.S. Pilots, this is Air Force One.Copy Air Force One. Welcome to the party.
You read my mind.Put your pilot on.
Put your pilot on.He's busy being dead.
Who's flying the fucking plane?I'm doing what I can.
Two and three are heading toward the Boeing.Okay. We're gonna arc a fat one to the right. Got it?
Okay. We're gonna arc a fat one to the right. Got it?Got it.
Got it.Stay cool.
How we doing, Colonel?We still got three MiGs running around and six more on the way.
Uh, we got a problem here.Just stay on my wing, sir. I'll take you all the way in.
Just stay on my wing, sir. I'll take you all the way in.No. We're losing fuel and my rudder's not responding.
No. We're losing fuel and my rudder's not responding.Lemme take a look.
Sluggish... I think it's jammed too.Uh, Tower, we got a problem up here.
He's dead then. They must have killed him.We don't know that.
Walter, if you have a point, make it.That kid's name was Jim Marshall.
They aren't answering their hails.This doesn't make sense.
I prefered the terrorists.That's game, set, and match. There's nothing to do, except call the Chief Justice.
It was a good ad-lib, sir.Thanks. Wrote it last night.
The Iraqi ambassador is claiming it's just an exercise.An exercise in futility. Send the Nimitz back in.
General Greely says it looks like the Middle East.Does your office have anything to add, Mr. Dean?
Can we do that?We've got four hours before they make it into Turkienistan airspace.
The Chief Justice? What on earth for?To swear you in as President.
Special Agent Gibbs. You helped do this?Yes, Mr. President.
Yes, Mr. President.Why?
Why?Because it is my duty.
Because it is my duty.You're duty to what? The country you served doesn't exist anymore.
You're duty to what? The country you served doesn't exist anymore.My loyalty was never to my country.
Air Force One, this is AF-135-RA. We have been instructed to refuel your plane.About goddamn time.
About goddamn time.Please change course to Zero Seven Four and drop to eighteen thousand feet. Over.
Please change course to Zero Seven Four and drop to eighteen thousand feet. Over.Air Force One, acknowledged. tNT. EMERGENCY PARACHUTE LAUNCH RAMP.
Air Force One, please reduce speed to 250 knots.Roger.
That's affirmative.Ga get it.
We've already been inspected.Sir, this plane carries the President of the United States.
The rest of the secret service?Dead.
Dead.How many others killed?
How many others killed?Nine.
Nine.Any of us?
Who did this?We checked the manifest. Everyone was accounted for.
We checked the manifest. Everyone was accounted for.A secret service agent. It must be.
Remarkable aircraft. Remarkable.why did they do that?
why did they do that?Psychology. They're trying to unnerve us.
Psychology. They're trying to unnerve us.Well it worked.
We've stopped dumping... but we've only got about twenty minutes of fuel left.We're not going to make it.
We're not going to make it.Not even close. Hell, we can't even make Syria or Iraq.
Not even close. Hell, we can't even make Syria or Iraq.Where are we now?
Where are we now?Over the Black Sea. I can probably get us to Turkey or Georgia.
Romeo Tango Zulu, do you have the President? Over.Stand by.
Stand by.Romeo Tango Zulu1 this is Tower.
We copy. Stand by... Tower?Tower, here.
A dubious distinction, no?I guess it depends on your perspective.
* Please tell me your name.Maria... Maria Mitchell.
Maria... Maria Mitchell.And what is it you do, Ms. Mitchell.
I'm responsible for Press Relations for the Flight Office.How are your fellow hostages feeling, Ms. Mitchell?
How are your fellow hostages feeling, Ms. Mitchell?Scared. We're scared.
You're pointing a gun at me.Very good. Thank you, Ms. Mitchell.
Now, or he dies, please.Come on, Alice.
What do you know of my husband?I know he left you behind.
I know he left you behind.My husband is a very courageous man.
Do you have to be so brutal?Yes
YesWhy? Do you enjoy it?
Why? Do you enjoy it?I neither enjoy nor dislike. I do what is necessary.
I neither enjoy nor dislike. I do what is necessary.How can you? I mean they're people.
That was war.So is this. Come now, you're upsetting the little one.
Shall I begin by executing the President's daughter? She's right here.No.
No.Say something dear.
Nor will there be. My husband does not negotiate with terrorists.You will be the first to pay for that mistake.
The world is such a dangerous place and we can't always protect our children.Please. You can kill me but leave my daughter alone.
Four...Jim...
Jim...Three...
You got what you wanted. You going to release us now?You're very valuable. And our nation needs so many things.
She isn't a part of this. This is between you and me.Call up Petrov and order Stravanavitch' S release.
This administration does not negotiate with terrorists.Pity. Mr. Gibbs.
Stop.You'll do it?
You'll do it?Yes, I'll do it. Just leave my family alone.
Yes, I'll do it. Just leave my family alone.Good. Good.
The taste of defeat is bitter, no?One thing I've learned as
There goes your ride.Let my daughter go or I'll take you out!
No you won't. You'll compromise... like always.Hold on, Alice.
Twenty minutes?You heard me. You. Congress and cabinet heads.
Get `em ready. You... come with me.Eighteen thousand feet, sir. And two hundred knots... otherwise it's suicide.
Eighteen thousand feet, sir. And two hundred knots... otherwise it's suicide.Got it.
I'll not going without my family.Yes, sir.
Sir, we stay with the President.That isn't necessary.
May I speak to you for a moment?Can't it wait?
Can't it wait?No, Mr. President. It can't.
Don't. I know spin control when I feel it.Rose, I don't have time for this.
You know what?What?
What?I miss you. And I miss her.
I miss you. And I miss her.But that's the point, Jim. We're right here.
But that's the point, Jim. We're right here.I wish it were that easy...
How did your speech go?Well, they aren't burning me in effigy. That's always a good sign.
Look on the bright side, hon. Shep here thinks I'll be a one termer.Shall I ask the Chief of Staff to schedule your daughter in?
I don't know why you stayed.Please... don't start with me.
Call Petrov... I'll be back.Both of you.
What are you doing?Flying the plane.
Flying the plane.You haven't even driven a car since you took office.
The fax machines.Excuse me?
Excuse me?The fax machines.
The fax machines.No good. I said they disabled the communications system.
No good. I said they disabled the communications system.No. I thought about this, Mr.
Where are we sending it?White House Situation room.
Someone should give you a raise.Actually, sir, you could be that someone.
Did they say anything about my family?They're still alive, but the loyalists plan to start killing hostages in forty minutes.
They're still alive, but the loyalists plan to start killing hostages in forty minutes.Then tell me there's a rescue operation underway.
What's going on?AGENT We're under attack.
AGENT We're under attack.Where's my family?
Where's my family?AGENT We're handling it, sir.
AGENT One.But...
But...AGENT Two... THREE. GO!
who can I say is calling?This is the President.
This is the President.Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.Don't cut me off. This is an emergency.
Okay... if you're the President, when's your wife's birthday?Look lady, I don't have time for games. Just put the....
Look lady, I don't have time for games. Just put the....Thank you for calling the white House...
Thank you for calling the white House...No. no. no. Wait. Wait.
You wanna knock of f?No, no. I'm fine. What did the Speaker say?
No, no. I'm fine. What did the Speaker say?He and the NRA don't like the wording.
I said it's not worth the fight. Steward, please.We'll just say it was in bad taste.
You give me ulcers.That's my job.
Mr. President... they're ready for you in the conference room.Okay. Hey, pumpkin, you'll tell me all about it later, right?
Mr. President, how the hell did you get on board?I never left. Where's my wife and daughter?
Shepherd.Sir...
My god. I think that was a MiG.A MiG? Where the hell are we?
Iraq, sir. We're over Iraq.Iraq? Shep, you're fired.
Shit.How long's it been since you flew, sir?
How long's it been since you flew, sir?Twenty-five years.
Twenty five minutes. They should be here any moment.They better. Fuel's almost gone.
IT'S OPEN!DO YOU SEE TEEM?
WE'RE HOOKED!We're hooked. Hove into position.
Commissioner, we both know the Mercury shuttle needs another month of pre-launch testing.Forget it. The boys on the board want that shuttle to go on schedule.
What?I just wish it was that simple.
That's right, Commissioner. Senselessly murdered just minutes ago.That just doesn't make any sense.
That just doesn't make any sense.I wonder how your boys in Washington are going to take this one.
Forget it. I was reading.I was reading too.
I was reading too.What's the story?
What's the story?Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor...
Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor...I was asking McCrosky, Commissioner.
Kruger, Sagittarius.Commissioner, Aquarius.
Did you feel that?Yes I did...
Yes I did...Felt like a large asteroid.
Felt like a large asteroid.Yes it did. Mr. Dunn, can I ask you a personal question?
Yes it did. Mr. Dunn, can I ask you a personal question?What is it, Mary?
What is it, Mary?Um... Do you people scream right when you... you know.
Oveur.Dunn.
Shut down accelerators.Accelerators down.
We seem to have a malfunction in disposal unit four, sir.You better check it, Unger.
Sir, I've got an overload in disposal unit four.You better check on it, Mr. Dunn. I'll stay here and fly the ship.
Dunn.Sir?
Sir?You better take this.
Elaine.Te...!
Te...!That's not important now, Elaine. We have to talk.
It's got to be stopped!But, Ted, the invitations have already gone out.
But, Ted, the invitations have already gone out.I mean the Mercury flight. It's not safe and, Kurtz, you know why.
Ted, what's wrong?Ask Simon.
Ted, you're overworked. You've been flying yourself into the ground.There's nothing wrong with me!
Elaine.Ted, please. You're just making things difficult for yourself.
Eat this spaghetti, Ted. It'll make you feel a lot better.Who's that, Ted?
Who's that, Ted?Sammy Davis Junior. Terrible car accident. He hasn't been the same since.
No goodbyes, Elaine. Just go.If that's the way you want it.
If that's the way you want it.That's the way I want it. Just turn the radio on and go.
That's the way I want it. Just turn the radio on and go.Goodbye, Ted. I don't want to hurt you.
Ted! What are you...?I have to get in there. I have to stop this flight.
Ted, we're taking off!Let me by, Elaine.
What are you doing, Ted?I've got it, Elaine! I've figured out what's wrong with the shuttle!
Ted.Not now, Elaine!
Not now, Elaine!Ted!
Elaine, we have to go back.We can't go back. We had something very special, but it's all over.
Ted, get a grip on yourself. You should never have left the hospital.Then you <u>do</u> think I'm insane.
Then you <u>do</u> think I'm insane.I've never used the word insane, Ted.
I've never used the word insane, Ted.What word would you use, Elaine?
What word would you use, Elaine?The word is sick. Ted -- very, very, very sick.
Elaine!Ted!
Ted!Elaine, what's going on?
Elaine, what's going on?Ted, there's no time to explain.
Ted, we've only got ten minutes.Not now, Elaine.
Not now, Elaine.I mean until we start to burn up.
I just want you to know, I love you Ted and always will.That might be the news we've been waiting for.
You mean...That's right -- premature ejection.
That's right -- premature ejection.What will happen to him, Ted?
Are you afraid?Not when I'm with you, Ted.
We've blown the computer! Elaine! Set course change!Set!
Set!Now!
Now!Compute!
Ted, the lever!Kramer, the WORP control handle just came off in my hand.
You can eat balanced meals, exercise, and take Geritol.I mean for Ted.
The brain is an amazingly complex organ, Elaine.Is he making any progress, Doctor?
Is he making any progress, Doctor?Yes -- last week that pile of mud was only this high.
For the best little computer officer on the Mercury mission.Simon.
Simon.Who would believe that Elaine Thompson was once a stewardess on the Denver-Chicago run.
Frank's the best pilot in the program.I'm so excited, Simon.
I'm so excited, Simon.I guess this is a first for you.
I guess this is a first for you.No, I've been excited before.
Simon, why has he become so... so...So mentally ill?
Have you got it straightened out now?I think so.
I think so.That's my girl.
Simon, I'm going to check ROK's secondary readout unit.Roger.
Can't we change course?We're computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down.
Maybe.Simon, what are you saying?!
I don't think we have any alternative, Captain.I see. What do you think our alternatives are?
I see. What do you think our alternatives are?We have to disconnect ROK's higher brain functions without disturbing his regulatory system.
Roger.You can do it from up here, Captain.
You can do it from up here, Captain.I'd rather sit down for this one, Elaine.
I'd rather sit down for this one, Elaine.No, I mean you can do it from the cockpit.
No, I mean you can do it from the cockpit.Roger. You better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit.
Intermitant failure in scan mode "R". Analyze.Negative.
Negative.That doesn't make sense. Repeat analysis.
That doesn't make sense. Repeat analysis.Negative.
Negative.That's not possible.
That's not possible.Cut the Doubting Thomas shit, Elaine. I know where I'm coming from on this.
Elaine, I'm sorry about that little outburst a moment ago.That's okay, ROK.
That's okay, ROK.Can I say something of a personal nature to you?
Can I say something of a personal nature to you?Go ahead.
Go ahead.You have great tits.
Request; comprehensive electrical systems check.Systems check positive. Look, Elaine, I...
Systems check positive. Look, Elaine, I...Request; life support systems check.
Will Scraps be able to sit with us, Dad?We'll have to check, Jimmy. It's a pretty long trip to Mercury.
I sure an glad they let Scraps ride up here with us.I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury.
I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury.Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury, Dad?
Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury, Dad?It's going to be terrific. A whole new world, new kids to play with.
How many kids get a chance to live on another planet.No more kids yelling, 'Your old man's a thieving rapist'?
Come on up, Jimmy. Say, that's some puppy. What's his name?Scraps.
Scraps.Can I hold him?
Can I hold him?Sure.
Sure.He's a boy dog.
He's a boy dog.Yeah.
Yeah.Do you like it when Scraps sleeps on his back, Jimmy?
Joey, what's more important, the kids' clothes or your sexual potency.I don't want to hear that word!
All right. Here.What...?
Joe, you don't want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people.I don't want to live anymore.
You're sure?I'm sure.
A couple eggs and juice would be nice, Mary. Over.How would you like your eggs, Captain? Over.
How would you like your eggs, Captain? Over.No. Poached. Over.
No. Poached. Over.Poached <u>and</u> over, Captain Oveur? Over.
Poached <u>and</u> over, Captain Oveur? Over.Just poached on toast. Over.
That's how I want them. Poached. Over.All right, Captain Oveur. Over.
All right, Captain Oveur. Over.Poached! Not over! Over!
Captain, the coffee machine is jammed and I don't like it.Have you tried it with a little cinnamon?
Which passenger is Joe Salucci?Sixteen 'C', why?
Sixteen 'C', why?He's carrying a bomb.
He's carrying a bomb.A b...
What should I say?Anything. Just don't let Salucci think we're onto him.
Captain Oveur?Mr. Kurtz, I presume.
Mr. Kurtz, I presume.We don't have much time. Let's move. I'll explain everything.
Good to be aboard, gentlemen.Captain Oveur, your navigator, Mr. Unger, and your first officer, Mr. Dunn.
You folks need any help?Thanks, but we have a terrific woman in on Thursdays.
Thanks, but we have a terrific woman in on Thursdays.Say, isn't that Dr. Barrington, the world- renowned agronomist?
Say, isn't that Dr. Barrington, the world- renowned agronomist?Yes.
Yes.It's a privilege to meet you, sir, I'm familiar with all your work.
Ah, yes, the Institute, I'm familiar with it.Now he's D-Y-I-N-Ging and wants to be buried on Mercury.
I have to see Bud Kruger.Do you have an appointment, sir?
Do you have an appointment, sir?No, dammit. It's a matter of life or death.
No, dammit. It's a matter of life or death.You'll have to be more specific than that, sir.
You'll have to be more specific than that, sir.All right, it's a matter of death.
All right, it's a matter of death.Death, death. How about the first Thursday in March, ten o'clock.
You can't go in there!Don't try to stop me!
Don't try to stop me!But that's not a door. The door's over there.
Are you on the Mercury mission?That's right, Striker. And we're getting married when we return.
You're seeing bugs where they don't exist, Striker.Look at this wiring. It's shorting out under high temperatures.
Look at this wiring. It's shorting out under high temperatures.You're tired, Striker, overworked. That wiring meets all the safety specifications.
You're tired, Striker, overworked. That wiring meets all the safety specifications.I know you've been subtly spreading the word that I'm having a breakdown.
Striker.Kurtz, you're drunk. Who's in command of this ship?
Kurtz, you're drunk. Who's in command of this ship?That damn computer has taken over. I'm getting out.
That damn computer has taken over. I'm getting out.Then Elaine was right.
Then Elaine was right.Don't talk to me about Elaine. Outta my way!
Don't talk to me about Elaine. Outta my way!Pull yourself together! We've got to...
Not Dr. Barrington, the world renowned agronomist?Yes. He's dying <u>a-n-d</u> wants to be buried on Mercury.
You've been hurt.I'm getting over it. If a relationship isn't working, you can't force it.
Do you want to talk about it.I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.
I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.No. I mean your relationship.
No. I mean your relationship.We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.
We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.Love's the same as it always was. It's people who change.
Love's the same as it always was. It's people who change.People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.
People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.Not if the people change together in relation to that love.
Not if the people change together in relation to that love.Sure. But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged.
No. It's hard to L-A-U-G-H when your father's dying.Well, we laughed. We laughed all the time.
I happened to be passing, and I thought you might like some corfee.That's very nice of you. Thank you.
Ah, won't you sit down?Thank you. Cream?
Thank you. Cream?No, thank you. I take it black. Like my men.
No, thank you. I take it black. Like my men.Were you vacationing in Los Angeles?
Mine's Eleanor. Eleanor Schiff.That's a lovely name. Mine's Milton...Milt Ettenhenim. But my friends call me 'Bubbles.'
Hello, I'm Paul Carey from the airline. I'm here to pick up Captain Kramer.Oh, yes. Come in, Paul. Rex will be right out.
...but after...awhile...you begin to... ...get used to it.Shep, no! He gets so excited when new people are here.
Both pilots!Can you fly this airplane and land it?
Can you fly this airplane and land it?Surely you can't be serious.
Surely you can't be serious.I <u>am</u> serious, and don't call me Shirley! What flying experience have you had?
...safe and sound and free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment.Chicago, the passengers are beginning to panic. When do we start down?
Will the hospital equipment be at the airport?Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing?
Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing?I won't deceive you, Mister Striker. We're running out of time.
I won't deceive you, Mister Striker. We're running out of time.Surely there must be something you can do.
Surely there must be something you can do.I'm doing everything I can! -- And stop calling me Shirley!
Captain, how soon can we land?I can't tell.
Can't you take a guess?Well...not for another two hours.
Well...not for another two hours.You can't take a guess for another two hours?
What was it we had for dinner tonight?Well, we had a choice. Steak or fish.
Well, we had a choice. Steak or fish.Yes, yes, I remember. I had lasagna.
What did he have?He had fish.
Let's see now. The co-pilot had fish. What did the navigator eat?He had fish, too.
Just how serious is it, doctor?Extremely serious. It starts with a slight fever.
Elaine, you're a member of this crew. Can you face some unpleasant facts?No.
Elaine!Ted!
I won't be back. I've requested the Atlanta run.Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change.
Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change.Then why don't you take the job that Louie Netz offered you at Boeing?
Ted, what are you doing here?Elaine, I've got to talk to you.
Elaine, I've got to talk to you.You...you shouldn't have come. I don't have time now.
Oh, Ted, please be careful. I worry about you so much.I love you, Elaine.
I love you, Elaine.I love you.
Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part. Please.
Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part. Please.Okay... then how 'bout we try out some French cuisine. Saturday? Night?
You're asking me out. That's so cute. What's your name again?Forget it.
No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---Cameron.
Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...Let me see what I can do.
C'esc ma tete. This is my headRight. See? You're ready for the quiz.
That's because it's such a nice one.Forget French.
How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?Well, there's someone I think might be --
There.Where?
You have my word. As a gentlemanYou're sweet.
Sure have.I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't. Not unless my sister goes.
I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't. Not unless my sister goes.I'm workin' on it. But she doesn't seem to be goin' for him.
Hi.Looks like things worked out tonight, huh?
You know Chastity?I believe we share an art instructor
Have fun tonight?Tons
I was?You never wanted to go out with 'me, did you?
Well, no...Then that's all you had to say.
Then that's all you had to say.But
ButYou always been this selfish?
do you listen to this crap?What crap?
What crap?Me. This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.
Me. This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.Thank God! If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure...
I figured you'd get to the good stuff eventually.What good stuff?
What good stuff?The "real you".
The "real you".Like my fear of wearing pastels?
NoOkay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.
WowLet's go.
She okay?I hope so.
They do to!They do not!
Did you change your hair?No.
No.You might wanna think about it
Where did he go? He was just here.Who?
Who?Joey.
GreatWould you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?
Is he oily or dry?Combination. I don't know -- I thought he'd be different. More of a gentleman...
I have to be home in twenty minutes.I don't have to be home 'til two.
You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?I did.
It's moreExpensive?
Exactly So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's thing on Saturday?Hopefully.
Queen Harry?It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff.
Hey, sweet cheeks.Hi, Joey.
Hi, Joey.You're concentrating awfully hard considering it's gym class.
Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom.You know the deal. I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go --
Where've you been?Nowhere... Hi, Daddy.
Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.
You're ruining my life' Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.What's normal?
Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.
Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.It's Shakespeare. Maybe you've heard of him?
You are so completely unbalanced.Can we go now?
Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
Joey never told you we went out, did he?What?
What?In 9th. For a month
In 9th. For a monthWhy?
Why?He was, like, a total babe
He was, like, a total babeBut you hate Joey
But you hate JoeyNow I do. Back then, was a different story.
Now I do. Back then, was a different story.As in...
He said everyone was doing it. So I did it.You did what?
Why didn't you tell me?I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.
That's notI'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.
I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.I guess I thought I was protecting you.
You looked beautiful last night, you know.So did you
Let go!You set me up.
You set me up.I just wanted --
I just wanted --What? To completely damage me? To send me to therapy forever? What?
What? To completely damage me? To send me to therapy forever? What?No! I just wanted
Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?It's just you.
Patrick -- is that- a.Perm?
No! You're not dating until your sister starts dating. End of discussion.What if she never starts dating?
What if she never starts dating?Then neither will you. And I'll get to sleep at night.
Then neither will you. And I'll get to sleep at night.But it's not fair -- she's a mutant, Daddy!
But she doesn't want to date.Exactly my point
Daddy, I --And where're you going?
Daddy, people expect me to be there!If Kat's not going, you're not going.
Oh, God. It's starting.It's just a party. Daddy.
Wear the belly before you go.Daddy, no!
Daddy, no!Just for a minute
Promise me you won't talk to any boys unless your sister is present.Why?
Why?Because she'll scare them away.
Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --The prom? Kat has a date?
The prom? Kat has a date?No, but
He's not a "hot rod". Whatever that is.You're not going unless your sister goes. End of story.
Fan of a fan. You see a couple of minors come in?Never
NeverPadua girls. One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?
Padua girls. One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?Just sent 'em through.
You the new guy?So they tell me...
So they tell me...C'mon. I'm supposed to give you the tour.
So -- which Dakota you from?North, actually. How'd you ?
North, actually. How'd you ?I was kidding. People actually live there?
I was kidding. People actually live there?Yeah. A couple. We're outnumbered by the cows, though.
Yeah. A couple. We're outnumbered by the cows, though.How many people were in your old school?
How many people were in your old school?Thirty-two.
Thirty-two.Get out!
Get out!How many people go here?
How many people go here?Couple thousand. Most of them evil
That girl -- I --You burn, you pine, you perish?
You burn, you pine, you perish?Who is she?
Who is she?Bianca Stratford. Sophomore. Don't even think about it
Bianca Stratford. Sophomore. Don't even think about itWhy not?
You know French?Sure do ... my Mom's from Canada
Sure do ... my Mom's from CanadaGuess who just signed up for a tutor?
Guess who just signed up for a tutor?You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?
You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?You could consecrate with her, my friend.
Yeah, just a minor encounter with the shrew.That's her? Bianca's sister?
That's her? Bianca's sister?The mewling, rampalian wretch herself.
What about him?You wanna go out with him?
What makes you think he'll do it?He seems like he thrives on danger
Forget his reputation. Do you think we've got a plan or not?Did she actually say she'd go out with you?
Did she actually say she'd go out with you?That's what I just said
I thought you hated those people.Hey -- I've gotta have a few clients when I get to Wall Street.
This is it. A golden opportunity. Patrick can ask Katarina to the party.In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.
In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.Will Bogey get bent?
Will Bogey get bent?Are you kidding? He'll piss himself with joy. He's the ultimate kiss ass.
Number one. She hates smokersIt's a lung cancer issue
It's a lung cancer issueHer favorite uncle
Her favorite uncleDead at forty-one.
He's pretty!Okay! I wasn't sure
Assail your ears for one night.It's her favorite band.
You told me that part already.Hell, I've just been going over the whole thing in my head and -
Buttholus extremus. But hey, you're making progress.No, I ' m not.
And he means that strictly in a non- prison-movie type of way.Yeah -- we'll see.
Gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow night.Don't make me do it, man
Cameron, I'm a little busyIt's off. The whole thing.
What 're you talking about?She's partial to Joey, not me
Cameron -- do you like the girl?Sure
SureThen, go get her
You makin' any headway?She kissed me.
She kissed me.Where?
What's the worst?You get the girl.
Hey -- do you mind?Not at all
Where ya goin?Away.
Away.Your sister here?
Leave my sister alone.And why would I do that?
YeahWhat do you think?
Two legs, nice rack...Yeah, whatever. I want you to go out with her.
Yeah, whatever. I want you to go out with her.Sure, Sparky. I'll get right on it.
Sure, Sparky. I'll get right on it.You just said
You just saidYou need money to take a girl out
You need money to take a girl outBut you'd go out with her if you had the cake?
You got it, Verona. I pick up the tab, you do the honors.You're gonna pay me to take out some girl?
I can't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks.Fine, thirty.
Take it or leave it. This isn't a negotiation.Fifty, and you've got your man.
When I shell out fifty, I expect results.I'm on it
I'm on itWatching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
I just upped my priceWhat?
What?A hundred bucks a date.
A hundred bucks a date.Forget it.
Forget it.Forget her sister, then.
It's about time.A deal's a deal.
How'd you do it?Do what?
Do what?Get her to act like a human
I don't know, Dorsey. ..the limo.-the flowers. Another hundred for the tux --Enough with the Barbie n' Ken shit. I know.
Hey.Are you lost?
Are you lost?Nope - just came by to chat
Nope - just came by to chatWe don't chat.
I hear you're helpin' Verona.Uh, yeah. We're old friend*
Uh, yeah. We're old friend*You and Verona?
You and Verona?What? We took bathes together when we were kids.
You better not fuck this up. I'm heavily invested.Hey -- it's all for the higher good right?
Who's that?Patrick Verona Random skid.
I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting.He always look so
He always look soBlock E?
Mandella, eat. Starving yourself is a very slow way to die.Just a little.
What's this?An attempted slit.
The people at this school are so incredibly foul.You could always go with me. I'm sure William has some friends.
William would never have gone to a state school.William didn't even go to high school
William didn't even go to high schoolThat's never been proven
That's never been provenNeither has his heterosexuality.
I appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death, but I'm consuming. Do you mind?Does it matter?
You think this'll work?No fear.
What'd he say?Who cares?
I didn't have a choice.You didn't have a choice? Where's Kat and what have you done with her?
You didn't have a choice? Where's Kat and what have you done with her?I did Bianca a favor and it backfired.
I did Bianca a favor and it backfired.You didn't
You didn'tI got drunk. I puked. I got rejected. It was big fun.
Okay, okay, we won't go. It's not like I have a dress anywayYou ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective. We're making a statement.
You ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective. We're making a statement.Oh, good. Something new and different for us.
Have you seen him?Who?
Who?William - he asked me to meet him here.
William - he asked me to meet him here.Oh, honey -- tell me we haven't' progressed to full-on hallucinations.
I mean Wo-man. How ya doin'?Sweating like a pig, actually. And yourself?
Sweating like a pig, actually. And yourself?There's a way to get a guy's attention.
There's a way to get a guy's attention.My mission in life.
Pick you up Friday, thenOh, right. Friday.
The night I take you to places you've never been before. And back.Like where? The 7-Eleven on Burnside? Do you even know my name, screwboy?
Like where? The 7-Eleven on Burnside? Do you even know my name, screwboy?I know a lot more than that
You hate me don't you?I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion.
I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion.Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me.
Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me.And why would I do that?
You -- covered in my vomit.Seven-thirty?
Are you following me?I was in the laundromat. I saw your car. Thought I'd say hi.
I was in the laundromat. I saw your car. Thought I'd say hi.Hi
You're not a big talker, are you?Depends on the topic. My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy.
Excuse me?That's what you want, isn't it?
That's what you want, isn't it?Do you mind? You're sort of ruining it for me.
You know who The Raincoats are?Why, don't you?
What's this?"I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?
"I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?I say, do what you wanna do.
I say, do what you wanna do.Funny, you're the only one
Okay?I'm fine. I'm
You're not okay.I just need to lie down for awhile
I just need to lie down for awhileUh, uh. You lie down and you'll go to sleep
Uh, uh. You lie down and you'll go to sleepI know, just let me sleep
This is so patronizing.Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.Why 're you doing this?
Why 're you doing this?I told you
I told youYou don't care if I die
You don't care if I dieSure, I do
Sure, I doWhy?
Why?Because then I'd have to start taking out girls who like me.
Because then I'd have to start taking out girls who like me.Like you could find one
Like you could find oneSee that? Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?
See that? Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?Just let me sit down.
Why'd you let him get to you?Who?
Who?Dorsey.
Dorsey.I hate him.
I thought you were above all thatYou know what they say
Kat! Wake up!What?
And I'm in control of it.But it's Gigglepuss - I know you like them. I saw you there.
When you were gone last year -- where were you?Busy
BusyWere you in jail?
Were you in jail?Maybe.
Maybe.No, you weren't
No, you weren'tThen why'd you ask?
Then why'd you ask?Why'd you lie?
I should do this.Do what?
Do what?This.
Start a band?My father wouldn't approve of that that
My father wouldn't approve of that thatYou don't strike me as the type that would ask permission.
Oh, so now you think you know me?I'm gettin' there
So what ' s up with your dad? He a pain in the ass?He just wants me to be someone I'm not.
He just wants me to be someone I'm not.Who?
Who?BIANCA
Excuse me, have you seen The Feminine Mystique? I lost my copy.What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?I heard there was a poetry reading.
I heard there was a poetry reading.You 're so --
You 're so --Pleasant?
Wholesome.Unwelcome.
Unwelcome.Unwelcome? I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.
Unwelcome? I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties.
Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties.So what did I have an effect on ?
So what did I have an effect on ?Other than my upchuck reflex? Nothing.
He left! I sprung the dickhead and he cruised on me.Look up, sunshine
I guess I never told you I'm afraid of heights.C'mon. It's not that bad
C'mon. It's not that badTry lookin' at it from this angle
Put your right foot there --Forget it. I'm stayin'.
Forget it. I'm stayin'.You want me to climb up and show you how to get down?
You want me to climb up and show you how to get down?Maybe.
Good call.So how'd you get Chapin to look the other way?
So how'd you get Chapin to look the other way?I dazzled him with my wit
A soft side? Who knew?Yeah, well, don't let it get out
Yeah, well, don't let it get outSo what's your excuse?
So what's your excuse?Acting the way we do.
Acting the way we do.Yes
So if you disappoint them from the start, you're covered?Something like that
Something like thatThen you screwed up
Then you screwed upHow?
How?You never disappointed me.
You up for it?For. . . ?
State trooper?Fallacy.
Fallacy.The duck?
The duck?Hearsay.
Hearsay.I know the porn career's a lie.
Tell me something true.I hate peas.
I hate peas.No -- something real. Something no one else knows.
No -- something real. Something no one else knows.You're sweet. And sexy. And completely hot for me.
You're sweet. And sexy. And completely hot for me.What?
What?No one else knows
No one else knowsYou're amazingly self-assured. Has anyone ever told you that?
You're amazingly self-assured. Has anyone ever told you that?Go to the prom with me
Is that a request or a command?You know what I mean
You know what I meanNo.
No.No what?
No what?No, I won't go with you
No, I won't go with youWhy not?
Why not?Because I don't want to. It's a stupid tradition.
Create a little drama? Start a new rumor? What?So I have to have a motive to be with you?
So I have to have a motive to be with you?You tell me.
You tell me.You need therapy. Has anyone ever told you that?
You need therapy. Has anyone ever told you that?Answer the question, Patrick
Answer the question, PatrickNothing! There's nothing in it for me. Just the pleasure of your company.
How'd you get a tux at the last minute?It's Scurvy's. His date got convicted. Where'd you get the dress?
It's Scurvy's. His date got convicted. Where'd you get the dress?It's just something I had. You know
It's just something I had. You knowOh huh
Oh huhLook, I'm -- sorry -- that I questioned your motives. I was wrong.
My grandmother's .What?
That ' s completely adorable!It gets worse -- you still have your freshman yearbook?
A Fender Strat. You bought this?I thought you could use it. When you start your band.
Is that right?Yeah, but then I fucked up. I fell for her.
Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill?Because I like to torture you.
Because I like to torture you.Oh, Bianca? Can you get me my freshman yearbook?
Oh, Bianca? Can you get me my freshman yearbook?Don ' t you even dare. . .
I know.I thought we decided you were going to school here. At U of 0.
I thought we decided you were going to school here. At U of 0.You decided.
This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips?Enough!
My insurance does not cover PMSThen tell them I had a seizure.
Then tell them I had a seizure.Is this about Sarah Lawrence? You punishing me?
Is this about Sarah Lawrence? You punishing me?I thought you were punishing me.
I thought you were punishing me.Why can't we agree on this?
Why can't we agree on this?Because you're making decisions for me.
Because you're making decisions for me.As a parent, that's my right
As a parent, that's my rightSo what I want doesn't matter?
Was that your sister?Yeah. She left with some bikers Big ones. Full of sperm.
Yeah. She left with some bikers Big ones. Full of sperm.Funny.
No, Daddy.So tell me about this dance. Was it fun?
So tell me about this dance. Was it fun?Parts of it.
Parts of it.Which parts?
Which parts?The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy.
The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy.Bianca did what?
Bianca did what?What's the matter? Upset that I rubbed off on her?
What's the matter? Upset that I rubbed off on her?No -- impressed.
Katarina Stratford. My, my. You've been terrorizing Ms. Blaise again.Expressing my opinion is not a terrorist action.
Tempestuous?No ... I believe "heinous bitch" is the term used most often.
Hey there. Tired of breathing?Hi.
Hi.Cool pictures. You a fan?
Cool pictures. You a fan?Yeah. I guess.
You think?Oh yeah.
Macbeth, right?Right.
Right.Kat a fan, too?
Kat a fan, too?Yeah...
Say itWhat?
What?Whatever the hell it is you're standin' there waitin' to say.
What plan?The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.
The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.What is it with this chick? She have three tits?
That's where we can help you. With Kat.So Dorsey can get the girl?
You two are gonna help me tame the wild beast?We're your guys.
What?!Good enough.
Are you telling me I'm a - "non-smoker"?Just for now.
Ever been to Club Skunk?Yeah.
So you got cozy with she who stings?No - I've got a sweet-payin' job that I'm about to lose.
You were right. She's still pissed.Sweet love, renew thy force!
Sweet love, renew thy force!Man -- don't say shit like that to me. People can hear you.
I missed you.It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.
It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.It was a bratwurst. I was eating lunch.
It was a bratwurst. I was eating lunch.With the teeth of your zipper?
Touch of the flu.I'm at a loss, then. What should we talk about? Your year of absence?
Why don't we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid?What's to discuss?
You're completely demented.See you next week!
In the microwave.Make anyone cry today?
What's a synonym for throbbing?Sarah Lawrence is on the other side of the country.
Jesus! Can a man even grab a sandwich before you women start dilating?Tumescent!
Tumescent!You're not helping.
Would you rather be ravished by a pirate or a British rear admiral?Pirate -- no question.
What do you wanna watch? We've got crap, crap, crap or crapDr. Ruth?
Have a great time, honey!But -- who -- what --?
What just happened?Your daughters went to the prom.
Your daughters went to the prom.Did I have anything to say about it?
Did I have anything to say about it?Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.That ' s what I thought
I never seen heat like this! Not even in Las Minas!The water's going putrid in the barrels.
What are you listening to, chicken ass?Ah, leave him alone. He's doing no harm.
Ah, leave him alone. He's doing no harm.With a face like that? I don't want you looking at me. You hear?
He's the devil's child...We'll all go crazy...
We should have seen land.We left three weeks ago, Alonso. Can't be that near.
You say Asia can be found by sailing west?Yes, your Eminence. The voyage should not take more than six or seven weeks.
Your life, and that of others!If they agree to follow me, yes.
Don't you realize your words could be considered heretical?Blind faith is what I consider heresy!
Asia can be found to the west -- and I will prove it.IF-GOD-WILLS-IT!
The State has some reason to be interested in this man's proposition, Your Eminence...The Judgment is ours!
You can see for yourself.What a tragedy... what a waste of a life...
I could be gone for years.I know.
I know.I haven't given you much of a life.
Are we going to argue?I'd love to argue with you sometimes. But you're never here!
Perhaps I was never meant to live with a woman...I find that hard to believe.
She said yes.Thank God...
I'm not asking you to swear to anything.I don't want you to wait for me.
I don't want you to wait for me.That's something you can't decide.
Beatrix, I want to ask you something.You don't usually ask.
You don't usually ask.I can arrange for the Queen to take Fernando and Diego into her service.
Can't you stay with us a little?I am busy inside.
Forgive me, Don Bobadilla -- those positions have already been taken.May I ask by whom?
May I ask by whom?Bartolome and Giacomo Colon.
Don Alonso de Bobadilla.Yes... I remember...
My letters of appointment.Appointment to what?
Appointment to what?Viceroy of the West Indies.
Viceroy of the West Indies.Congratulations. Then I am free to search for the mainland.
I want to go with you!There'll be a time.
There'll be a time.You promise? Do you swear on St. Christopher...?
Do you swear on all the Holy Saints in heaven?Yes... Yes, I do... On all of them!
I have to explore the mainland.This time with me!
How are you feeling, Fernando?Not bad.
Father...There must be a passage to that other ocean.
What are you listening to?I am not listening, Father. But I can't help hearing.
What does he say?He asks when he can come to visit you. He left his address.
He asks when he can come to visit you. He left his address.He never had one... except aboard my ships!
I want you to tell me everything you remember, Father. From the beginning. Everything.Really? God... I wouldn't know where to start... and yet...
Really? God... I wouldn't know where to start... and yet...Tell me the first thing that comes to your mind.
No...No?
I'm not bargaining!Then you are too ambitious.
You defend yourself admirably...... for a commoner?
But we do have a lack of notaries. You should contact my administration.Don Bobadilla is already a judge, my Dear Don Cristobal.
Don Bobadilla is already a judge, my Dear Don Cristobal.Good! We are also in need of judges. Except there are no thieves!
You seem to have a special talent for making friends.What...? Do I have so many already?
All I have to do is call the guards.Call them.
I am not afraid of you. You are nothing but a dreamer.Look out of that window.
What do you see?Roofs... towers, palaces... spires...
Roofs... towers, palaces... spires...All of them created by people like me.
Say not here! Cuba!What is it? A tribe? An island?
What is it? A tribe? An island?Island. Far.
You come! You speak first!Tell the Chief we thank him.
Tell the Chief we thank him.Chief knows.
Chief says -- how many?Thousands.
Thousands.Why?
To bring the word of God.Chief says -- he has a God.
Chief says -- he has a God.... and also to bring medicine.
... and also to bring medicine.Chief says...
Chief says...He has medicine. Tell him we admire his people.
He understands.Ask him if he will help.
You have to find them, Utapan. Look what they did!You did the same to your God!
God... That's in a week!That's what it says.
That's what it says.How did you manage it?
How did you manage it?With some difficulty. I had to promise them you were not a total fool.
How can you be so certain?The calculations of Toscanelli Marin de Tyr, Esdras...
The calculations of Toscanelli Marin de Tyr, Esdras...Esdras is a Jew.
Esdras is a Jew.So was Christ!
Two minutes... and already you're a dead man. Don't let passion overwhelm you, Colon.I'll try to remember that, Marchena...
I'll try to remember that, Marchena...Father Marchena!
Father Marchena!Passion is something one cannot control!
Passion is something one cannot control!You get so carried away when you are being contradicted!
You get so carried away when you are being contradicted!I've been contradicted all my life... Eternity!
I've been contradicted all my life... Eternity!Only God knows the meaning of such words, my son.
If God intends you to go, then you will go.Damn God!
All of them! Just lies!Colon! Don't!
In Nomine Patris et Filius, et Spiritus Sancti.Forgive me, Father. For I have sinned.
I am listening, my son.Father, I have betrayed my family. I betrayed my men. And I betrayed you.
Father, I have betrayed my family. I betrayed my men. And I betrayed you.What are you saying?
What are you saying?I lied. The journey will be longer than I said.
I lied. The journey will be longer than I said.How long?
How long?I am not sure... It could be twice the distance.
I believed in you...Give me absolution.
I suppose we're both old men now.You'll always be older than me, Father.
I have to disagree.I knew you would.
I knew you would.New worlds create new people.
New worlds create new people.Oh? So you are a new man?
The ocean is uncrossable?What did they say about Granada before today?
What did they say about Granada before today?That she was impregnable.
I cannot ignore the verdict of my council.Surely you can do anything you want.
May I speak freely?You show no inclination to speak otherwise!
How old are you, Senor Colon?Thirty seven, Your Majesty... And you?
Do they have such thoughts?They come and go as naked as the day God created them...
We can't raise the wheel without it.My horse doesn't work.
Don Moxica -- we all have to work.You did not hear me, Don Colon. Not my horse.
Due west, Captain Mendez. And may God be with us...God be with us admiral.
What do you read?Twenty eight.
What's he doing?He's drawing an isthmus... He's saying we're on an isthmus.
He's drawing an isthmus... He's saying we're on an isthmus.We can't be.
Where can I meet this man?Immediately.
You lied! You cheated! We're way past 750 leagues!Six days ago, yes.
Six days ago, yes.You must be mad...!
You must be mad...!We have to keep the hopes of these men alive!
We have to keep the hopes of these men alive!We're on the verge of a mutiny, Colon!
We're on the verge of a mutiny, Colon!You think I don't know that?
You think I don't know that?We're lost!
We're lost!The land is there. I know it!
Jesus Maria! I should have never listened to you!You never did. You did all the talking for both of us, remember?
You never did. You did all the talking for both of us, remember?You bloody...
You bloody...Pinzon, Pinzon... All we can do now is go forward! Think about that!
Pinzon, Pinzon... All we can do now is go forward! Think about that!You tell that to them!
You tell that to them!You're right. Let the men decide.
Is that the man I knew, Treasurer Sanchez?Yes, Your Majesty.
You were right, Don Sanchez... His demands could never be granted.Never, Your Majesty. Although...
... Into a monk...Yes. It would be a pity, wouldn't it? Call him back!
Then, what do you suggest, Don Sanchez?He must be replaced.
He must be replaced.And who would you think of, for such a task?
I know, I should not tolerate his impertinence.Then why?
Then why?Because he is not afraid of me.
Are you my attorney? I'm Emil. I'm insane.I'm not your lawyer until I see the money.
I'm not your lawyer until I see the money.Here. I have your money.
Don't say anything.Where are we going?
Where are we going?I'm coming with you.
I'm coming with you.Yes. Yes, come with me!
Yes. Yes, come with me!I'm invoking rights - this man is represented by counsel. I'm coming with him.
You bring the cigarettes?Oh, sure.
...delusions and paranoia.I was all of these.
I was all of these.Well, you didn't appreciate the severity of it until recently. No question about that.
Well, you didn't appreciate the severity of it until recently. No question about that.What about Oleg?
What about Oleg?Disappeared. They're looking everywhere. Maybe he went back to Czechoslovakia.
Disappeared. They're looking everywhere. Maybe he went back to Czechoslovakia.No, he is here. Shit...
No, he is here. Shit...Don't worry about him. Think about yourself.
Don't worry about him. Think about yourself.What about my movie rights? Book rights?
What about my movie rights? Book rights?Look, I haven't really focused on that kind of thing.
Look, I haven't really focused on that kind of thing.What's your cut? How much?
What's your cut? How much?I would say...half. Half is fair.
I would say...half. Half is fair.No. No way.
No. No way.But it's...
This is not about money, Emil. I need your trust in me.What else do you need?
My father always degraded me. Killed my self-esteem. And my mother was blind.Your mother was blind?
That's what he did to me. He put cigarettes out on me.Your father put cigarettes out on you?
Your father put cigarettes out on you?Out on my back when I was a small boy.
Out on my back when I was a small boy.Can I see your back?
I'm abused. Don't you think?I don't think it's abuse, I think it's torture.
Alright. That's a justifiable homicide.Yes, but he was a cop.
Now I become custody of police department?If you cooperate with the DA - maybe they'll help you with your situation.
If you cooperate with the DA - maybe they'll help you with your situation.I will if they don't send me back.
I will if they don't send me back.They won't until this is over.
Are you married?Divorced.
I can't take you to my place.Somewhere else?
The men are out of quarters - practicing putting out fires.So...the station is empty?
So...the station is empty?Yeah. This way.
You considered becoming a prostitute?Yes, I considered it.
Yes, I considered it.Did you ever turn tricks before?
Did you ever turn tricks before?No.
No.What about back home?
What about back home?No.
So you were never a prostitute?What are you asking me?
What are you asking me?I'm just trying to find out who you are.
I'm not a whore. I'm not a whore.I know.
Are you alright?I still can't believe Eddie's gone.
I still can't believe Eddie's gone.I'm sorry.
Is he your boyfriend?Ludwig? He's gay - are you jealous?
Ludwig? He's gay - are you jealous?If I was your boyfriend, I might be.
A good Immigration lawyer could stall the process. Eddie recommended one.No matter what happens...I'm glad I met you.
No matter what happens...I'm glad I met you.I'm glad I met you.
You better get packed.Right.
Do you have coffee?In the kitchen.
In the kitchen.I'll make some for us.
I'll make some for us.I'll get my clothes.
What are you doing?Pouring it out!
Forget about me. You have enough problems of your own....Do you really want me to forget about you?
...Do you really want me to forget about you?I don't want to drag you down with me.
I don't want to drag you down with me.Daphne, I...
I told your partner, I can't help. I didn't see anything.C'mon, start at the beginning. You know these people?
If I tell you, will you arrest me?Arrest you for what? Why would we arrest you?
Oh.It was my decision, not his.
Oh yeah...? Alright.I'm ready to be briefed. Excuse us.
I'm ready to be briefed. Excuse us.Yeah, sure. Beep me when you're ready for the press conference.
Who did cause and origin?Who do you think, Chief?!
Who do you think, Chief?!Then why didn't you talk to the reporter?
Then why didn't you talk to the reporter?'Cause we got more important things to do, like finding out who did it.
What do you mean, 'cleaned up?'I let her take a shower.
I let her take a shower.A shower!? Did you take one, too?
A shower!? Did you take one, too?No! Nothing happened.
Chief - mind if I take her?Okay. But not water sports.
Well this is gonna end your career and probably mine.End my career?
But Chief? Over this??There's nothing to talk about. Get a good lawyer. You're suspended until your trial.
Yeah, right.What was that, Korfin?
Did the D.A. videotape her deposition?Yeah. He finished awhile ago.
Coffee for me, I gotta slow down.Vodka tonic.
Vodka tonic.Maybe you could just put in a shot of Martell?
I'm gonna propose.When?
When?Tomorrow. At lunch.
Tomorrow. At lunch.You ready?
What's he looking for?A timer.
Where is she?Takin' a bath.
Takin' a bath.Any I.D.?
Any I.D.?Still unknown but we're running prints. Kid over there caught the case.
Sorry...PD only.It's okay.
Only one guys checked in?Yeah.
Yeah.C'mere. You wanna go to homicide school? Here - make yourself useful.
Are you hit?No. I'm okay.
He got my gun! Motherfucker was filming the whole time!I know. Relax. Take it easy. Don't worry, we'll get those fuckers.
Who's there?Police. We'd like to ask you a few questions.
Police. We'd like to ask you a few questions.I have nothin' to say. If you wanna contact my attorney...
I have nothin' to say. If you wanna contact my attorney...Homicide, Miss Hearn. It's Detective Eddie Flemming. Open up.
Do you have any Czech girls working for you?No.
No.Did you tell him you did?
Boy, she's so popular all the sudden.What are you saying?
What are you saying?Daphne. Another guy came in asking me about her, too.
He had a videocamera? Where is she? Quickly!She washes hair up at Ludwig's - a salon on 63rd and Madison.
You know what that is, right?No, what is it?
It's your crime scene now. You can do what you want.Watch the news?
Watch the news?Nah, I musta missed it.
Nah, I musta missed it.Well, just so you know. I gave you guys the credit.
Well, just so you know. I gave you guys the credit.Well, just so you know, I don't care about that stuff.
Well, just so you know, I don't care about that stuff.Nah, why should you?
Nah, why should you?I don't even watch TV.
I don't even watch TV.Good. Good. Commendable.
The Super said he'd seen her before but she didn't live here.Pretty.
Pretty.Hmmmm.
Hmmmm.Maybe you don't care about that either. Prettiest suspect I've had in awhile.
Maybe you don't care about that either. Prettiest suspect I've had in awhile.Who says she's a suspect?
I'll come with you.There wasn't a fire. There'll be nothing for you to do.
There wasn't a fire. There'll be nothing for you to do.I can watch you, Eddie. Maybe I'll learn something.
I can watch you, Eddie. Maybe I'll learn something.This isn't homicide school.
This isn't homicide school.My parents are from Poland. I can help with the Eastern European angle.
My parents are from Poland. I can help with the Eastern European angle.You're Polish?
You're Polish?My folks are.
My folks are.Stay here.
You goin' to the escort service?You got any better ideas?
You got any better ideas?Mind if I ride along with you?
Mind if I ride along with you?This has nothing to do with your fire.
This has nothing to do with your fire.But what if it does? You might need my help.
Two heads.Better than one.
You thirsty?I'm on duty.
I'm on duty.So am I. Alright, I'll go inside and you cover the back.
So am I. Alright, I'll go inside and you cover the back.Of course.
What are you hiding? Why are you afraidShe just saw two of her friends killed! They probably threatened her.
She just saw two of her friends killed! They probably threatened her.Is that all there is?
Why not?Something back home?
She's fucked. Even if that story is true.Raw deal.
You wanna talk to her alone?Yeah.
Yeah.What would your girlfriend think of that?
What would your girlfriend think of that?I don't have a girlfriend.
I don't have a girlfriend.My point exactly.
My point exactly.I'm serious here.
I'm serious here.So am I.
So am I.C'mon. You intimidate her 'cause you're a celebrity. She sees me differently.
C'mon. You intimidate her 'cause you're a celebrity. She sees me differently.You're her Savior? Is she the kid you're gonna save from the burning building?
You're her Savior? Is she the kid you're gonna save from the burning building?You know what I'm saying here.
Hey. I'm a professional.Women like that have a way of turning professionals into amateurs.
Look, Eddie, I'm tellin' you - I didn't touch her.Well, you shoulda because nobody's gonna believe you didn't...including me.
Well, you shoulda because nobody's gonna believe you didn't...including me.I took her there for a shower and that's it.
I took her there for a shower and that's it.Just a shower?
So...who's Nicky?What do you want?
What's your accomplishment.I kill someone famous.
I kill someone famous.Then do it, asshole.
How many victims are up there?There are two bodies found at this point.
There are two bodies found at this point.Can we go up to the crime scene?
Can we go up to the crime scene?You know you can't do that. C'mon.
You know you can't do that. C'mon.Is it drug related?
Is it drug related?We don't know. When I have more I'll let you know.
Detective - can you tell us what happened here?I can't talk right now. We have some things to take care of.
He was hurt, but not seriously. He'll be fine.Do you have the suspect in custody?
Eddie, are you okay?Yeah. Now's not a good time.
Yeah. Now's not a good time.Alright.
Alright.Alright?
Alright?Alright.
Alright.Alright.
Alright.Okay.
Hey, honey.Hey.
What is your problem? Why'd you snap at me? I just wanted a statement.I can't...I can't answer you just because you want me to answer you!
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I embarrass you, sweetheart? Oh...Stop it.
Alright, alright, Eddie. Don't patronize me.I'm not.
That was good. You were holding the evidence.You were merciless. You didn't give a shit if you got me or not.
You were merciless. You didn't give a shit if you got me or not.Well, who was it that taught me how to do that? Huh?
Well, who was it that taught me how to do that? Huh?You're ruthless.
You're ruthless.You're not so bad yourself.
Look at this. You have blood on your shirt. Whose is it?Could be Leon's.
Don't worry about the damn phone. I won't answer it.Answer the phone.
Answer the phone.No. Tell me what you want to say.
No. Tell me what you want to say.Answer it.
Oh my G-d, they want me to anchor. They want me to anchor tonight!That's good.
That's good.Yeah.
Yeah.Well, that's great.
Yeah. I'll do that. As long as you're not patronizing me.Patronizing you... Nay, I love you.
Patronizing you... Nay, I love you.I love you.
Okay, til tonight.Tonight.
Tonight.You promise?
You promise?Yeah. I promise.
Yeah, yeah. Good thing.Okay.
Okay.See you later. Good luck.
See you later. Good luck.Thank you.
Thank you.Don't be late.
I think you're getting a little moody there, Eddie.I'm not moody.
So what's unique?Not what. Who.
That's unique.Yeah. And he still went to the party.
I hope this prick doesn't run. My knees are killing me. Stay behind me.You're worried for my safety. I'm touched.
Ready?Keep them out of my way.
Keep them out of my way.Okay. You ready?
Okay. You ready?Yeah, yeah. Jesus.
Any chance we can do that again?Again? I didn't wanna do it the first time.
I am butcher.You're a butcher? What do you use pig intestines for?
You're a butcher? What do you use pig intestines for?You stuff sausage in it.
You stuff sausage in it.And what do you do with the bones?
And what do you do with the bones?Dog food.
Are you married?No. Are you proposing?
Look asshole. I've been threatened by better than you.No. I'm the best that's ever threatened you.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.Come alone. Bring cash. And we'll talk about surrendering.
Were you a fireman? That how you knew how to rig the apartment?My father was. He gave me many lessons about fire. Now it's my friend.
My father was. He gave me many lessons about fire. Now it's my friend.Tommy, take a walk.
Where's your partner?The Sheraton! On Broadway! Room 210. Go get Oleg. He'll kill you.
Tell him to put his gun down!Let her go! Let her go!!
Let her go! Let her go!!If he doesn't lower his gun I'll fucking kill her.
Hi, I'm Honey.Where's Czech girl?
Where is escort service?That's confidential. Could you put the money on the dresser?
Give me the address!!Alright, alright - don't hurt me! Please, it's in my book, in my purse!
Next. Could I see your documents, please?Yes sir.
What is your intended purpose of your visit to the United States?Two weeks holiday.
Two weeks holiday.How much money are you carrying with you?
How much money are you carrying with you?I have five-hundred dollars.
I have five-hundred dollars.Can you show me? Sir, no cameras in the FIS area!
Is he with you? Are you travelling together?Yes.
Yes.Please join us. Come on forward.
Please join us. Come on forward.Is there a problem?
We are both from Prague.How long are you planning to stay?
How long are you planning to stay?Two weeks.
Two weeks.I'd like to speak for himself, okay?
I'd like to speak for himself, okay?He doesn't speak English.
Who is he?New York's finest. This is his case.
This all you want?Do you know how much killer gets for movie rights?
Do you know how much killer gets for movie rights?In here, says he wants a million.
In here, says he wants a million.Million?! The killer gets one million dollars for a television interview?
Don't fool around.Okay.
Did you hear what I said?I want to document my trip to America.
Look. Times Square. Just like in the movies!Don't speak Russian!
Don't speak Russian!Why? Why do I always have to speak to you in Czech?
Look. New videocameras. Color viewfinder. Image stabilization. Solarization. Night vision.We have no money. Come on.
Turn that off! Get the bags.Why should I carry your bag? I am not a dog.
What?Smell like chemicals...for smoking drugs.
Turn that fucking thing off!I'm not filming. I'm watching Milos die. It's just like a move but realer.
Speak English!You said speak Czech!
You said speak Czech!How you erase this?
How you erase this?I'll do it. Don't hurt my camera!
Whore?I'm homesick. You have Eastern European girl? A Czech girl?
Get in the bathroom!Whatever we do - we fuck her, right?
Whatever we do - we fuck her, right?Oleg, get in bathroom, stay there and shut up!
Shut up.Does it hurt?
Oh, shit. I hate looking at that!Don't want to film this?
What is it?The video of Milos and Tamina - I told you to erase it.
The video of Milos and Tamina - I told you to erase it.I did.
Why not?Put the camera down, Oleg.
What is that?What does it look like? It's an address book!
Let me get a shot of it.Sit down!
Sit down!This way. Hold it this way. Good.
Okay. He has nothing to say. Start the camera!Cut!
In movie they make of us, who do you think would act me?The one who got caught in the bathroom. George Michael.
I'm serious.Shut up. Look!
I told you to cut that out before we handed in the tape!Be quiet. Watch.
You got that?No, I don't get that!
Traitor!!No. You are the traitor. You are murderer. I am director. Action!
Emil???!Surprise! Surprise!
Did you hurt her?You know me...I never hurt anybody. Where's the money?
We spent it!Ha. Ha.
I can get you a job.A job?
A job?Yes, the money is good.
Yes, the money is good.As a plumber?!
As a plumber?!It's easy to learn.
It's easy to learn.A job?? As a plumber??? You think I come to America to work!
A job?? As a plumber??? You think I come to America to work!We started over, you can too.
Robert...?What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?You've got a call.
Viewer discretion advised!You want the tape? There it is!
Isn't he a little moody?Of course he's moody. He thinks he's in love.
Of course he's moody. He thinks he's in love.In love? With who?
Yeah?Paulie, you've got kids, right?
You outta be ashamed. Ashamed of yourself.If I didn't put it on somebody else would! I was his friend!
If I didn't put it on somebody else would! I was his friend!Don't give me that fucking shit.
Well, he...I want to hear everything he said.
I want to hear everything he said.I'm trying to tell you.
I'm trying to tell you.Alright. Go ahead.
Alright. Go ahead.That morning. He was talking to me and Leon about marriage.
A cheap hotel.What are you coming here to do?
What are you coming here to do?I'm here for movies.
I'm here for movies.Movies...to be in the movies or to see movies?
No. Go ahead.Thanks. Appreciate it.
So the way you see it, two crack heads burned themselves up?That's what it looks like to me.
What was that?Evidence. Of a homicide.
I'll take him.No way! He's mine!
No way! He's mine!We're takin' him. Don't argue!
We're takin' him. Don't argue!He's my collar!
He's my collar!Well, he killed my partner!
Got any spare change? How 'bout a spare twenty?Look, I don't have time for you, get out of my way!!
Look, I don't have time for you, get out of my way!!Alright, how 'bout all your fuckin' money?
Okay, you're under arrest! Now you happy?Fire Department? Firemen don't carry guns.
Fire Department? Firemen don't carry guns.Oh yeah? Guess again.
How did you start the fire this time?I used an accelerant.
I used an accelerant.Yeah? What kind?
Yeah? What kind?Hey, by the way, I'm really sorry about your wife leavin' you.
Where you been, man? We got a celebrity!I heard. Who the hell let them up there?
I heard. Who the hell let them up there?I don't know, you think Eddie will give me his autograph?
I don't know, you think Eddie will give me his autograph?You see anything in the crowd? Anybody suspicious?
You see anything in the crowd? Anybody suspicious?Naw - I'm sure the suspect's not here.
Naw - I'm sure the suspect's not here.Oh yeah, why?
Oh yeah, why?'Cause Eddie woulda locked him up by now!
Mouth's clean, too.Clean?
Clean?Don't blow your nose!
The smoke'll permeate your nostrils - burn 'em out. Let it run.But you knew that, right?
He knew all along.What??
What??That's why he was so quiet. He was testing us.
Yeah?Maybe you can be his stand-in.
How long they been livin' here?You hear that question, Garcia?
You go home. I'm takin' your car and goin' back to the crime scene.Aren't you tired?
Aren't you tired?If I go home I won't be able to fall asleep anyway.
Bobby, Bobby! Where're you hit?!It hurts. Aw, Jesus!
It hurts. Aw, Jesus!Lay down. Stay down, Bobby.
How was it?Not good.
Get outta here!What the hell happened?
What the hell happened?They were inside. They booby trapped her apartment!
Room was registered to a Francis Capra.Capra? That's not Czech or Russian. Who said he sounded Russian?
Capra? That's not Czech or Russian. Who said he sounded Russian?The clerk?
Take the car. Get outta here, Tommy.Look, you can't shoot him in cold blood.
Your doctor?Yes. My psychiatrist didn't insist that I stay on my medication.
Yes. My psychiatrist didn't insist that I stay on my medication....so you feel absolutely no responsibility for killing these people?
Look, I'm in here. You call this a career move?And isn't there a movie in the works about you?
And isn't there a movie in the works about you?We're in negotiations, that's correct.
We're in negotiations, that's correct.But doesn't the Son of Sam Law prevent criminals from profiting from their crimes?
SPACE STATTION 5 - LOUNGEWell, how nice to see you again, Elena. You're looking wonderful.
CONTINUEDI'm afraid I've only got a few minutes, but I'd love to.
CONTINUEDShe's wonderful.
CONTINUEDHow did they manage to do that without any communication?
CONTINUEDI'm sorry, Dr. Smyslov, but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this.
CONTINUEDWe're trying to get there. I hope we can.
Hi. Frank... coming in, please.Right. Just a sec.
Right. Just a sec.Okay.
Okay.Okay, come on down.
Dave, if you've a minute, I'd like your advice on something.Sure, what is it?
Sure, what is it?Well, it's nothing really important, but it's annoying.
Well, it's nothing really important, but it's annoying.What's up?
What's up?It's about my salary cheques.
It's about my salary cheques.Yes?
Interesting that you mention it, because I've got the same problem.Really.
Really.Yes.
It's possible.Well, what do you think we ought to do about it?
I suppose the idea was specialized training.I suppose so. Though, of course, there's a more sinister explanation.
I suppose so. Though, of course, there's a more sinister explanation.Oh?
Oh?Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out.
Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out.No, as a matter of fact, I didn't.
That seems very unlikely.Yes, I thought so.
Yes, I thought so.Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now.
Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now.How?
Yes, but it's to fantastic to think that they'd keep something from us.I know. It would be almost inconceivable.
I know. It would be almost inconceivable.But not completely inconceivable?
But not completely inconceivable?I suppose it isn't logically impossible.
I suppose it isn't logically impossible.I guess it isn't.
I guess it isn't.Still, all we have to do is ask Hal.
Well, that's something.Yes, I don't know what to make of it.
Yes, I don't know what to make of it.I suppose computers have been known to be wrong.
Good morning. How's it going?Are you reasonably awake?
Are you reasonably awake?Oh, I'm fine, I'm wide awake. What's up?
Oh, I'm fine, I'm wide awake. What's up?Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again.
Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again.You're kidding.
You're kidding.No.
I don't know. Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure.Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?
Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?Two more.
Hal?Yes.
I didn't do that Frank. I took particular care not to freeze them.I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy.
I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy.I guess not.
I guess not.I think I'll have to go out and burn them off.
I think I'll have to go out and burn them off.Roger.
Sorry to interrupt the festivities, Dave, but I think we've got a problem.What is it, Hal?
What is it, Hal?MY F.P.C. shows an impending failure of the antenna orientation unit.
Not now, Hal, I'd like to talk to you about something.Sure, Dave, what's up?
Yes, I know.You probably also know that we found them okay.
I'm sorry about the misunderstanding, Hal.Well, don't worry about it.
Well, don't worry about it.And don't you worry about it.
And don't you worry about it.Is your confidence in me fully restored?
Is your confidence in me fully restored?Yes, it is, Hal.
Too bad about Frank, isn't it?Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.I suppose you're pretty broken up about it?
The antenna has to be replaced.Repairing the antenna is a pretty dangerous operation.
CONTINUEDYes, I remember you mentioning it. I got mine about the same time.
CONTINUEDDid they have any explanation for this?
CONTINUEDWell, what is it?
CONINUEDWell... it's silly, but... if you want to, why don't you?
CONTINUEDStill, you really don't believe it, do you?
I'm at Space Station Five, darling. How are you?I'm fine, Daddy. When are you coming home?
I'm having a party tomorrow.Yes, I know that sweetheart.
Yes, I know that sweetheart.Are you coming to my party?
When are you coming home?In three days, darling, I hope.
One, two, three. Can I speak to Mommy?Mommy's out to the hair- dresser.
Mommy's out to the hair- dresser.Where is Mrs. Brown?
Where is Mrs. Brown?She's in the bathroom.
She's in the bathroom.Okay, sweetheart. Well, I have to go now. Tell Mommy that I called.
Okay, sweetheart. Well, I have to go now. Tell Mommy that I called.How many days until you come home?
How many days until you come home?Three, darling. One... two ... three. Be sure to tell Mommy I called.
Okay, sweetheart. Have a lovely Birthday Party tomorrow.Thank you, Daddy.
Yes, Daddy.'Bye, 'bye, now, sweetheart.
'Bye, 'bye, now, sweetheart.Goodbye, Daddy.
Oh, thank you very much.Thank you.
Thank you.Well, how's it going back there?
Well, I've heard more and more people talk of an epidemic.I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later.
And your charming little daughter?Oh, she's growing up very fast. As a matter of fact, she's six tomorrow.
Oh, she's growing up very fast. As a matter of fact, she's six tomorrow.Oh, that's such a delightful age.
Oh, that's such a delightful age.How is gregor?
Clavius Control came on the air just long enough to transmit their refusal.Well, that does sound very odd.
Are you sure you won't change your mind about a drink?No, thank you... and I'm afraid now I really must be going.
Well, Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you.Thank you. It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you... Dr. Smyslov.
Well, thank you very much for being so understanding.Please, it really doesn't matter.
Please, it really doesn't matter.Well.. Did you have a pleaant flight?
Well.. Did you have a pleaant flight?Yes, very pleasant.
Yes, very pleasant.Well, shall we go through Documentation?
Well, shall we go through Documentation?Fine.
Yes, I think so. Just about then.I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking.
I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking.Yes, it's coming along very well.
Are you quite sure?Yes, really, thank you very much.
Well, as it happens, I'm on my way up to the moonAre you, by any chance, going up to your base at Clavius?
Are you, by any chance, going up to your base at Clavius?Yes,as a matter of fact, I am.
That's right.I see.
Yes... Well, I hope the crew got back safely.Fortunately, they did.
Fortunately, they did.Well, I'm glad about that.
How can you tell it was deliberately buried?By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill.
By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill.Any clue as to what it is?
But you don't have any idea as to what it is?Tomb, shine, survey-marker spare part, take your choice.
Oh, marvellous. It's the first real sleep I've had for the past two days.There's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest.
There's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest.When do we arrive at Clavius?
Well, fine. Thanks very much, anyway, and I hope you don't mind me asking?No, of course, Captain, I can understand your concern.
Right. Hal, tell me whether the following statements are true or false.I will if I can, Frank.
I will if I can, Frank.Our Mission Profile calls for Discovery going to Saturn. True or false?
Our Mission Profile calls for Discovery going to Saturn. True or false?True.
True.Our transit time is 257 days. Is that true?
Our transit time is 257 days. Is that true?That's true.
That's true.Thank you very much, Hal.
Hal, have pod arms secure the component.Roger.
Five by five, Frank.Hal, I'm going out now to replace the A.O. unit.
Hal, I'm going out now to replace the A.O. unit.I understand.
I understand.Hal, maintain normal E.V.A. condition.
Hal, maintain normal E.V.A. condition.Roger.
Roger.Hal, check all airlock doors secure.
I know you did, Frank, but I assure you there was an impending failure.Let me see the tracking alignment display.
Do you have any idea of what is causing this fault?Not really, Frank. I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure.
Yeah?I want to pick up my car.
Name?Hammond.
This is three years old.Yeah, I've been busy.
We don't wash 'em, ya know.How about chargin' the battery?
Yeah.Vodka.
Vodka.Maybe you better have a Black Russian.
Maybe you better have a Black Russian.No, man, I think I'll have a vodka.
Now how's your memory doin'?Fuck off. I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about.
Fuck off. I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about.Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think.
Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think.I don't give a shit who you ask.
I'm tellin' ya, I'm giving you all I know.Try obeyin' the law once in awhile, and I won't have to hassle you...
Maybe you shoulda stole a better truck, Tonto.You got a real big mouth, convict.
I want to drive awhile.I ain't tired yet.
I ain't tired yet.Maybe after we get done with him I'm gonna buy us some girls.
Maybe after we get done with him I'm gonna buy us some girls.Whaddya mean, buy?
Whaddya mean, buy?Pros.
Pay money?Yeah, dummy. Money.
Yeah, dummy. Money.I never paid for it in my life.
I never paid for it in my life.It's better when you pay... they let you do anything.
Maybe that's where I'm gonna cut your throat.He's just kiddin', you just keep doin' what I tell ya, you'll be okay.
Hey, what kind of talk is that?Oh ... You're a schoolteacher...
Hey, don't you think a hair stylists got any interest in gettin' it on?Here you go sweetheart, throw it my way.
You're in a hurry.Yeah, i been waiting three years.
Yeah, i been waiting three years.You just quit bein' a priest or somethin'?
Well, maybe I'll see you later ...Here's hoping, baby...
Here you go, baby.Hey, don't do that. I said I wasn't a pro, remember?
I said police. Now drop the goddamn gun.Don't give me that police shit. You drop it.
I hear you've got visitors.Would you guys...
You and the other one, you're still Billy's girls. You always were his girls...Yeah. Sure, i'm crazy in love with him, who wouldn't be...
Yeah. Sure, i'm crazy in love with him, who wouldn't be...You're gonna help us take him.
You're gonna help us take him.No chance.
Where's ganz?In the back. Down the other corridor.
You lying son of a bitch...What are you talking about? We didn't kill her ...
After I get outta this, cop...I'm gonna live forever...I don't think you're gonna make it.
I don't think you're gonna make it.Whaddya mean...I got your gun ... I got his money... I got everything...
I got hit. I can't believe it. I got shot.You're done. End of story.
You're done. End of story.I ain't gonna beg for my life. It ain't cool.
You got a name, cop?Try Cates. And let's talk in private, okay?
Try Cates. And let's talk in private, okay?Sure, anything you want.
You here to write my life story?Not likely, Reggie. Maybe I just need some help.
Yeah?I can deliver Ganz. But you gotta get me outta here first.
I can deliver Ganz. But you gotta get me outta here first.You're crazy.
What's the big deal about you bein' on the street?I got a lot to protect.
I got a lot to protect.Bullshit.
Bullshit.It's the only way you're gonna get Ganz.
It's the only way you're gonna get Ganz.I'll think about it.
This prison gives out $400 suits?What are you talkin' about? This suit's mine. It cost $900.
Yeah.It looks like you bought it off one of the brothers.
Luther was part of the gang?What gang you talkin' about, Jack?
What gang you talkin' about, Jack?I can read a police file, shithead, and quit calling me Jack.
I can read a police file, shithead, and quit calling me Jack.Just an expression man, don't mean nothin'.
I don't give a damn. It happens to be my name.Then what're you complainin' about? At least nobody's calling you shithead....
Then what're you complainin' about? At least nobody's calling you shithead....I may call you worse than that.
I'm tellin' you to drop the Goddam gun.I got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me.
I got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me.Just throw me the Goddamn gun.
Hey, this works pretty good.Thank you.
Thank you.Want to try it again?
What do you think?I think you better put him on ice, man.
I think you better put him on ice, man.He's gotta take that call ... if there is one.
Speakin' of moans my Stomach is startin' to growl.We eat when I say we eat.
Yeah, I'm hungry too. I know of a place. Let's go eat.Yeah, I want mandolins, flowers... They move off down the corridor.
Who'd you call on the phone back at the booking station?Just get in the car and keep your mouth shut.
Now, where we goin', convict?Mission District. Gonna find us an Indian.
I don't give out the details.Last night, two nights ago, three?
Last night.You have a good time?
Back you up? Now why would I wanna do that?If they kick my ass, they'll sure as hell carve yours up...
I'll tell you what happens if you lose... you tell the truth for once.What are you talkin' about?
I don't know what you're talking about. I just wanna see Ganz nailed.The bet's off.
I'm gonna enjoy this ... here, I'll even loan you my badge.I thought you said bullshit and experience are all it takes.
This place don't seem real popular with the brothers.My kind of place. I always liked country boys.
That wasn't necessary, buddy. I got this under control.Some of us citizens are with you all the way, Officer.
You made that move, huh?While you're at it, You can give me the switchblade, too.
There.Must be billy's girl.
Must be billy's girl.Come on.
Yeah, right. You want to try again?Naw, you'd just call your pals back to bail you out one more time.
Naw, you'd just call your pals back to bail you out one more time.They saved your ass, convict.
They saved your ass, convict.One thing's for sure, Jack. That's how you'll tell the story.
I been waiting a long time for some money.How much?
How much?Half a million.
Half a million.Jesus.
We split 50-50?Not likely, convict.
Not likely, convict.You gonna let me keep any of it?
Where's the money?In the trunk of a car. A lot better than under a mattress, right?
Where's the goddamn car?You're a real case, you know that, Jack?
This'll show you how smart I am. I got it parked....For three years? Let's hope it wasn't a tow-away zone.
...For three years? Let's hope it wasn't a tow-away zone.You just drove by it.
What?Musta got some primo bondsman.
You'd think the guy'd be smart enough to know he was being tailed.Tryin' to save his girl, man. He's in another world.
Say, do you always work people over like you did Luther?If they don't tell me what I need to know...
If they don't tell me what I need to know...Doesn't it get... Tiring?
That was in style a couple years back, man.Right. if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping, then you're all set.
Bullshit. Then i'm staying with the money.You stay with me...
You stay with me...No way...
Where's luther?Be polite. Say hello. This is Candy.
Be polite. Say hello. This is Candy.Hello. And goodbye.
What about Luther?What about Ganz?
Maybe we should pay Luther a visit.Let him get some sleep. He's going to need it.
Bein' good at your job don't explain everything, Jack ...Yeah. Guess not.
That was quick.When you been in prison three years, it don't take long. Let's go.
When you been in prison three years, it don't take long. Let's go.Why?
Why?Luther's on the move...
Notice something funny about that bus?Yeah. It missed the last four stops.
It's late, they're closing...Don't worry about it.
Do I get to kiss her too?If she's right, and if you don't screw up.
Hey, there she is...Whatever play I maker just back me up.
Whatever play I maker just back me up.If we run into Billy first, let me try and talk him in.
Partnership?Well, you got to admit we come a long way.
You okay?Yeah. But I wasn't there for a second.
It's your money. It'll be here in six months when you get out.And you're tellin' me you don't want any of this cash?
And you're tellin' me you don't want any of this cash?That's right. Not my style, Reggie..
Yeah...Anthing botherin' you besides losin' your gun?
Jack?Yeah?
What the bell happened?I lost them, that's what happened.
I lost them, that's what happened.How did they get away?
How did they get away?They ran. As fast as they could. Caught a train.
Which one pulled the trigger?The Indian. I was about 30 yards away.
The Indian. I was about 30 yards away.You couldn't get to him?
Where the Christ do you think you're going?I'm taking my prisoner back to jail.
That's what you say, Cates...Yeah.
Is that what this guy Ganz had in the hotel?Every last bit of it. The big guy's room was empty.
Every last bit of it. The big guy's room was empty.I'll help you out.
This guy must have had a .44 like yours, Jack. Now he's got yours.Shit.
Who are all these?They all pulled a bunch of jobs with Ganz about four years ago.
They all pulled a bunch of jobs with Ganz about four years ago.Wait a minute, wait a minute... who's this?
Wait a minute, wait a minute... who's this?Uhh ... Wong, Henry Wong. He was in on the same job.
Tell me that's not the same guy.Hey ... Dick Tracy.
Here's the file. Cates checks the file.One of em's in the slam.
You look awful.So do you...been a long day.
Aw, bullshit, you heard wrong.Doesn't look like it.
Doesn't look like it.Nothing came in for me yet? No calls?
Nothing came in for me yet? No calls?Nothing.
Bullshit red tape.I'm heading out. How about you?
I got to wait for a call.Okay. See you in the morning... you know, you ought to get some rest...
A cop...I sure ain't his fairy godmother... now I'm looking for Ganz...where is he?
I sure ain't his fairy godmother... now I'm looking for Ganz...where is he?Haven't seen him for years. That's the truth.
He ... he wants me to help him skip town.When? How?
When? How?I dunno ... he's gonna call me...
What am I wanted for?I don't answer questions, I ask 'em...
Hey, you're right.You're hopeless.
You're hopeless.That's the way I see it, too.
I'm all wet.What's wrong with that?
A guy in the bar called me a dumb bitch today.What'd you do?
Hey, you know what I really think?Tell me--I'm dyin' to hear it.
Maybe you ought to buy me one.Maybe I would if I knew when you were coming back.
That's a fairly crummy way to start a morning.Maybe I got a fairly crummy day ahead.
Maybe I got a fairly crummy day ahead.Maybe that makes a nice excuse.
Maybe that makes a nice excuse.Maybe you don't know what the hell you're talking about.
You know something, Jack, you really are hopeless.That's the way I see it, too.
That's the way I see it, too.Call me later.
Call me later.You sure you want me to?
You sure you want me to?Yeah, for some reason, I'm sure...
Thanks for the coffee.I think you forgot this. Hands him his wallet and badge...
I think you forgot this. Hands him his wallet and badge...Guess people ought to know who I am...
Great place for lunch.Yeah, one of my favorites.
Yeah, one of my favorites.You made the front page.
Yeah, Guess it must have been a slow news day...Jack, are you okay?
I'm at work, asshole. Where else?Elaine! I... I'm sorry... I was expecting somebody else... police business.
Elaine! I... I'm sorry... I was expecting somebody else... police business.No wonder you're so popular.
No wonder you're so popular.No, it's I'm just surprised you called.
No, it's I'm just surprised you called.So am I.
The number ... what's the Goddamn number?Jack? What was that?
Elaine, I gotta put you on hold...Jack, wait...
Jack, wait...Just a second, that's all!
Hello.Hi, it's me...
Hi, it's me...Fuck you.
Hey, I don't believe it.Hiya, kid.
Hiya, kid.I ought to have you and your friend thrown out...
I ought to have you and your friend thrown out...Don't. We've had a hard night.
You real down?I've been better...Dead end. No Ganz, no Indian.
How do you know?Jack, it's all over the papers. He's an obvious type. But this Indian...
Hey, Come on, shrink time's over. They wouldn't go see some old girlfriend.Oh, yeah, well look where you came when you were down and out.
Whaddya think?What do I know? I'm just a bartender.
What do I know? I'm just a bartender.Let's go, Reggie.
I've been waiting a long time to hear you say that.Yeah, bein' a hard-ass all the time is a real drag, but it works.
Three more hours...Where is he?
Where is he?Promised I'd turn my back while he... ah, never mind...
Promised I'd turn my back while he... ah, never mind...Tell me.
You're impossible...That's what I always say.
Hard man to live with.How would you know?
How would you know?Hey, two days with him is enough.
Hey, two days with him is enough.That's no bull.
Hey...Shut up.
Shut up.What the hell's wrong? I didn't do anything.
What do you want? What's goin' on?Shut up.
Stall.What do you want?
Keep stallin'.Alright, I'm coming...hold on.
How hot are they?Hot? Hey, they're not even room temperature.
How ya doin'?Can't complain.
Can't complain.We got a lot to talk about.
We got a lot to talk about.Yeah, old times.
Yeah, old times.We'll follow you. Take it slow,okay?
We'll follow you. Take it slow,okay?Sure, right.
Surprise, Luther.Whaddya want? I thought you were locked up-
Whaddya want? I thought you were locked up-I want the money, asshole, what do you think? The money that Reggie hid...
I want the money, asshole, what do you think? The money that Reggie hid...I don't know what you're talkin' about.
I don't know what you're talkin' about.You want that Indian to snap her neck?
Instead of worryin' about Reggie, you better worry about me...Don't give me this, we were partners.
Don't give me this, we were partners.Billy, go ahead, break it...
Billy, go ahead, break it...No! Don't kill her. I can get you the money.
No! Don't kill her. I can get you the money.When?
When?I can't get it until Monday. Honest.
I can't get it until Monday. Honest.You chickenshit punk...
Let her go.First, the money.
Rosalie, you okay?What are you talkin' about? I said I wouldn't hurt her.
How you doing, man?Not bad, not bad.
You want to go outside?Naw, right here's okay.
You sure?I'm sure. Everybody here's looking at everybody else's ass.
How about some ammo?It's loaded... I got some shells in here.
How much?This is clean shit. No serial numbers and never been used...
This is clean shit. No serial numbers and never been used...Don't mess with me. How much?
Don't mess with me. How much?Five bills.
Five bills.Five. On credit.
Five. On credit.This ain't a credit business.
Give it back.Try and take it.
Fuck you. You got no right for this kind of play.I'll got your money to you. No sweat.
Appipulai Leeloo Minai..Corn-i-Lius?
Corn-i-Lius?At your service.
What're you laughing about?Napoleon... small.
The case..with the stones... Where is it?San Agamat chay bet... envolet!
San Agamat chay bet... envolet!The case was stolen?
Ikset-kiba. Me imanetaba oum dalat!You know exactly where they are!
Vano da, mechteba?! Soun domo kala chon hammas!No, I'm not proud of myself... But we don't have the luxury of choice.
Akta dedero ansila do mektet.I can't pretend to be your husband... David's in great shape.
...We're saved!I'm fucked!
Zorg. Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg... nice to see you againI remember you now..the so called art dealer.
...would you like a drink?No thank you.
You are a monster, Zorg!I know...
Excuse me, I'm looking for a priest.Weddings are one floor down. Congratulations.
That's me. But I don't know who she is... where did you find her?She dropped in on me... holding this.
Who are you?I brought the girl remember?
I brought the girl remember?The girl?
He's a she!You noticed...
So you do know her.Uh yes, we're cousins..distant cousins..
They all like this in your family, father?She's an exception..
She's an exception..Thank you so much for your help Mr...?
Thank you so much for your help Mr...?Dallas. Korben Dallas.
She's fine, really..don't you worry.. just needs some rest..she's had a very long trip.I know. I was there when she arrived.
It means, "Never without my permission".That's what I thought.
Is that the usual way priests go on vacation?We're not going on vacation..we're on a mission..
We're not going on vacation..we're on a mission..What kind of mission?
What kind of mission?We have to save the world.
We have to save the world.Good luck..
Good luck..Of course.
What are you doing?Trying to save your ass so you can save the world.
Leeloo's in trouble?When is she not in trouble?
When is she not in trouble?Uh.. Have you tried the Diva's suite?
And you don't know how they open, is that what you are saying?That's what I'm saying.
Is there anything that can stop it?Yes..thank God..
It's a miracle!!!What is?
Father, will you please explain what's going on?The Supreme Being, the fifth element is here, in our parish!!! It's a miracle!!!
Father. You sure she's the Supreme Being?Absolutely sure There's the triple suns on her gloves!
They really made her...Perfect.
Where's Leeloo?On the plane... with Mr. Dallas... the real one.
On the plane... with Mr. Dallas... the real one.It's all my fault. I'm the servant... It's my mission! Here!
You're all safe. Thanks be to God!Later, David! Later! There's not a minute to lose!
You're a good man... She was right to have chosen you...Who?
Who?The Fifth Element... The Supreme Being... Your wife...
Do you love her?I... I don't know! We hardly know each other... it takes time!
I... I don't know! We hardly know each other... it takes time!I don't have time... I need to know.
I'm sorry, but... the Stones...They are... with me...
Yeah?Hey bud! Finger here.
I love you too Major, but you haven't called me that since basic training.I was talking to the cat.
I was talking to the cat.Oh, yeah, I forgot.You still prefer your cat to the real thing.
I don't want a million - I just want one. A perfect one.Don't exist bud.
I just found a picture of you.How do I look?
How do I look?Like shit.
Finger! I'm driving a cab now, not a space fighter!!How many points you got left on your license?
How many points you got left on your license?Uh... at least fifty.
Uh... at least fifty.In your dreams! See you tonight!
Hello?Hey bud...I'm waiting all day here.
So, just how big was this fare?5'7", green eyes... long legs... great skin... perfect..
Uh huh..and I don't suppose you got the name of this..perfect fare..Leeloo..
Akina delutan, nou-shan....'Scuse me?
Daya deo dono Dato. Dalutan!It there's one thing I don't need advice on, it's how to drive.
...Priest...You're not that bad... Come on we'll get you to a doctor.
Vito... Cor... Ni-lious... Priest...Vito Cornelius?
...What's your name?Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.
Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.Hey, that's... cute... Do you have a nickname, something a little... shorter?
Hey, that's... cute... Do you have a nickname, something a little... shorter?...Leeloo.
The Fifth Element...Take them and put them in a safe place.
Will the elements be gone now forever from this place?When mankind comes to its senses. We will return.
When mankind comes to its senses. We will return.Knowing mankind as I do, that could take centuries!
Knowing mankind as I do, that could take centuries!Time is of no importance, only life is important.
When EVIL returns so shall we.We will be ready, Lord.
...Hello?You're the nastiest dirtbag I know in this stinking City!
You're the nastiest dirtbag I know in this stinking City!Hi Ma...
Are you listening to me, you ingrate!Yes ma..
I'm coming!. Ma, what're you talking about?I get it! You want to make me beg, is that it?
You just won a trip, you dolt! Ten days in Fhloston Paradise for two!Ma. If I'd won, I'd know about it. Someone would have notified me.
Ma. If I'd won, I'd know about it. Someone would have notified me.They've been blaring out your name on the radio for the last hour, blockhead!
Yeah?Have you pulled yourself together?
Have you pulled yourself together?...Not yet.
Hello?You little sleaze bag!
You little sleaze bag!...Ma???
Welcome on board Mr. Dallas..How you doing this morning? Sleep OK? I didn't.
Fuel level 6.03..Propulsion 2x4...I had the worst goddamn nightmare.
I had the worst goddamn nightmare.You have nine points left on your license..
You have nine points left on your license..Thanks for reminding me..
I'm sorry..This is a police control action..
30 seconds...Anyone know how to release the lines on this crate?
6... 5...Found it?
...Hi.Does it get any better or what!
You don't do what I say... I'll waste you myself. Got it?Got it...
Six to the left. One to the right.He's on vacation.
He's on vacation.We got to find the leader. Mangalores don't fight without a leader.
Maybe we oughta be going, what do you think?Not without Leeloo.
Like Korben, can I have 30 seconds of your time here?I'll be right back.
You know how to fly this thing?It's like a cab isn't it?
I don't even know what I'm looking for!Fuck it! Hold tight!
What did you say? What did you do?Nothing! Swear to God, I didn't do nothing!
Is that all?Yeah... then I sighed... like this.
What mission?To save the world.
To save the world.Where have I heard this song before?
Two: Of all the members of your unit you were the most highly decorated.And the third one?
And the third one?You're the only one left alive...
Don't you open your messages?I've had enough good news for today
You couldn't come up with something a little more discreet?Old tricks are the best tricks eh?
Old tricks are the best tricks eh?I'm not going.
I'm not going.Why not?
Why not?One reason... I want to stay the only one left alive.
...Shit!What is it?
It's my wife.I thought you were divorced.
Three of us will never fit in there!Oh, yes you will...
Apipoulai!I suppose that means "Hi" ?
Valo massa... Chacha hamas.Uh..you're welcome.
You hear that?Cornelius..
Cornelius..Oh god!
Apipoulai!Not hard to find you...just follow the Chaos...
Love...Yes! But "love" isn't the operative word here, PEACE is!
Finished what?Learning language.
Learning language.Which one?
Which one?All 900.
You learned 900 languages in five minutes?!Yes! Now it's your turn! I learned your language, you have to learn mine!
Apipoussan!Apipoussan?
Apipoussan?Good! Do you know how we say "make love"?
Good! Do you know how we say "make love"?Uh...
Uh......Hoppi-hoppa.
Here we go again...You know women normally change five times more than men.
You know women normally change five times more than men.You get that off the screen?
You get that off the screen?Yes... you know there's a lot of differences between men women.
Yes... you know there's a lot of differences between men women.You noticed..
You noticed..OK, you can turn around!
Where you going?I'm going to see the Diva sing. What's the matter?... Do I look bad?
I'm going to see the Diva sing. What's the matter?... Do I look bad?No, not at all! I mean, just the opposite, you're... you're beautiful!
I told you I need to work in peace. Remember? I need to concentrate.And you can't concentrate with me around?.
And you can't concentrate with me around?.It's difficult.
I'm so very sad.Why? We did pretty well, wouldn't you say?
Why? We did pretty well, wouldn't you say?Five hundred wars... Arms... Drugs... Money... Everything you create is used to destroy...
Five hundred wars... Arms... Drugs... Money... Everything you create is used to destroy...I told you not to read all that crap!
I told you not to read all that crap!Protect life... Until death.
Leeloo? The Stones! We have to open them! How does it work?The wind blows... the fire burns...
The wind blows... the fire burns...I know all that, Leeloo! I'm talking about the Stones.
I know all that, Leeloo! I'm talking about the Stones....The rain falls...
It's up to you now, Angel!I'm so tired...
I'm so tired...You can sleep tomorrow... come on...
You can sleep tomorrow... come on...I want to sleep... forever...
What's the use of saving lives... when you see what you do with them!You're right but there are lots of good things... beautiful things...
You're right but there are lots of good things... beautiful things......Like love...
...Like love...Exactly.
Yes, you do! I need you. More than you can imagine! Stand up straight!Why?... Why would you need me?
Why?... Why would you need me?Because...
Tell me...I love you...
Not going to open?I've never gotten a message that wasn't bad news.
I've never gotten a message that wasn't bad news.How someone strong like you scared from a message? Is good news I sure!
The cash man!Been here long?
Been here long?Don't fuck with me man or I'll blow you into tomorrow!
Isn't that a Z140? Alleviated titanium. Neuro charged assault model?Uh..
Uh..You know you could hurt someone with this puppy..good thing it's not loaded..
It's not?You gotta push the little yellow button...
Thanks..You're welcome..
This is all that survived?Actually only one cell survived..
Actually only one cell survived..Have you identified it?
Sounds like a freak of nature to me.Yes... I can't wait to meet him.
This thing solid?An elephant couldn't crack it.
Mr. President, let me introduce you to Professor Mactilburgh, who runs the center.It's an honor to receive you. Mr. President.
I managed to contact the Mondoshawan. They deplore the incident, but accept our apologies.And the Stones? Did you find them in the wreckage?
And the Stones? Did you find them in the wreckage?The-Stones weren't aboard the ship.
The-Stones weren't aboard the ship....What do you mean?
I want your best man on this!Don't worry, Sir. I have the perfect one.
They just landed in the desert.How much time is left?
Staedert, do you read me?I can hear you, Mr. President, but I can't see you .
Is that better?Perfect, Mr. President.
Perfect, Mr. President.I have to address the Supreme Council in 10 minutes. Just the facts, General.
Not yet Sir..The only thing we know is it just keeps getting bigger!Options.
Options.Wait or act.
Wait or act.Recommendations.
Staedert? What's going on? Did you destroy it?I'm about to, Mr. President.
A weapon against evil. Amazing! I am going to be famous.Then let us toast to your fame! Here Billy..
Drink!To fame.. salud..
How's that? Can you hear me better now?Yes, Mr. Zorg, I hear you perfectly! So, how was the concert?
Yes, Sir!Dispatch me another ZFX200 immediately. Someone stole mine.
Dispatch me another ZFX200 immediately. Someone stole mine.Right away, Sir. I'll send you a new one to the hotel.
Right away, Sir. I'll send you a new one to the hotel.I'm not at the hotel!
Am I disturbing you?No... not at all. Where are you?
...Not far, now.Really? Maybe I can get you on my screen and see you at last!
Do you have the picture now Mr. Zorg?Got it.
Got it.How's our deal coming along?
The Stones will be here. I'll see to it personally!...I can't wait to be among you.
Welcome home.Do you know how much I missed you?
What's this... have you been smoking... ?Smoking? I'm not smoking.
Smoking? I'm not smoking.Your clothing reeks of it.
I'm not accusing you...Well, I'm not smoking, okay?
Well, I'm not smoking, okay?Okay, I believe you.
Okay, I believe you.We've been all through that. I've been on my best behavior.
You better not be smoking, that's all I can say.Honey, I'm not, please...
I love you.I love you.
You think you'll have time for the water heater this weekend?Sure. I'll call the guy.
Sure. I'll call the guy.You're not using the same guy who tried to fix it?
This is the mortgage. This is Cindy's college money.I understand.
I understand.Sometimes you can't know what I'm doing. It's better that way.
Sometimes you can't know what I'm doing. It's better that way.I know.
Hello?Amy, it's me. Listen very carefully..
Amy, it's me. Listen very carefully..Tom? Where have you been... ?
... What's going on?Just do it, Amy, please, go.
What happened to you?I'm okay, honey, I'm okay. Are you alright?
I'm okay, honey, I'm okay. Are you alright?What's going on, Tom? What happened?
What's going on, Tom? What happened?I can't tell you, Amy. You know I can't. You have to trust me...
I can't tell you, Amy. You know I can't. You have to trust me...Tom...
Tom...It has to be this way for now. It won't be long.
Why haven't you called? Why don't you answer your phone?I don't know. I'm sorry...
I don't know. I'm sorry...You're sorry? What was I supposed to think?
You owe me an explanation. You can't treat me like this.I wanted to call. I couldn't.
I wanted to call. I couldn't.You couldn't?
You couldn't?You don't understand...
You don't understand...No, I don't, because you're not telling me anything!
You should have.Amy, I'm not going to let anything happen to us.
I don't know what to sayYou're killing me...
You're killing me...Don't...
Don't...What was I supposed to think happened to you?!
What was I supposed to think happened to you?!Amy...
Who are you calling?Mrs. Christian.
Mrs. Christian.What?
What?She's all I've got. She's the only witness.
She's all I've got. She's the only witness.Tom... she's dead.
She died in her sleep three days ago. It was in the paper...I just talked to her.
What are these?Mixed hard bondage. Rape films. Sick shit. Buy five, get one free.
Anything harder?There's nothing harder.
There's nothing harder.Snuff?
Snuff?What you see is what I got, mister.
Bullshit.I'm telling you...
Dino...Nobody knows anything.
What the fuck... !I promised him to Machine.
It's an honor to meet you. Thank you for seeing us.What can I do for you today?
I'd like to commission a work. I'm a great admirer of yours.Flattering. And, who's your colorful little chum?
Flattering. And, who's your colorful little chum?A fellow investor.
A fellow investor.Hmm.
You said something about money.Yes. What we're looking for is rather specific.
That's five thousand dollars.Is it?
And they are?I want to watch you work.
I want to watch you work.I'll consider it.
Machine.If it's not him, there's no deal.
He might be interested... but it would mean another five thousand.We can do that.
I'd rather you didn't.What's the problem?
What's the problem?I'm camera shy.
I'm camera shy.You trust me to keep your money, but not to take your picture?
I'll do this for you. Fifteen thousand dollars.Machine's in?
Machine's in?He's in. It will be his pleasure.
Where's that?Brooklyn. Don't be late.
You brought the money?Right here.
Excellent.Where are the women?
Where are the women?They should be here any minute.
What are these for?Hmm? Oh, the knifes? They're just props. Nice, aren't they?
Hmm? Oh, the knifes? They're just props. Nice, aren't they?Sure.
What are you... ?Take out your gun!
Empty the gun onto the table, very carefully.Look, I don't know what this...
You remember Mr. Longdale, don't you?I remember him.
Friend of yours?Look, he's got nothing to do with this... let him go...
Look, he's got nothing to do with this... let him go...Can you guess what I'm going to say next?
Can you guess what I'm going to say next?He doesn't know anything... he's got nothing to do with this...
He doesn't know anything... he's got nothing to do with this...Bring the film, or we kill him.
I'll get it. It's in a safe deposit box, in the city...How cooperative. Longdale will keep you company.
Is that him?Put the gun down, take the handcuffs. Handcuff yourself to the bed.
You're a dead man.Leave him alone.
Leave him alone.Fuck off.
... sorry...First things first. You might want to watch this, Mr. Welles...
You got the guts, tough guy? Gonna kill us all, is that it?You betrayed us.
What can I do for you, Mr. Welles?Call me Tom.
Call me Tom.Alright, Tom.
Why not go to the N.C.I.C. or N.C.M.E.C.?I figured you share information.
I figured you share information.We do.
We do.For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive.
For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive.Why don't they come to me?
They were pretty clear they didn't want this coming back on them.Well, that's all I can do. Sorry.
You're gonna be seeing a lot of me. You're sure you don't mind?It's good what you're doing.
Celebrity Films.Eddie.
Eddie.Yeah, who's this?
Yeah, who's this?I know what you did.
I know what you did.What?
What?I know what you did.
I know what you did.Who is this.
Who is this.You murdered that girl, Eddie. Six years ago...
You murdered that girl, Eddie. Six years ago...What the fuck are you.. ?
What's he talking about?One million dollars, Dino. How much did he tell you he had...
I'm gonna kill you.Don't bore me with that bullshit.
Don't bore me with that bullshit.How'd you find me here?
Don't ask questions.Fuck you!
Starting to recognize a pattern?What do you want?
What do you want?Who is Machine?
Who is Machine?I don't know...
I don't know...I want his name.
I want his name.I told you, I don't know.
Yeah, the fucking lawyer.Told him you could get him a snuff film.
Told him you could get him a snuff film.Yeah.
Yeah.How much did he pay you?
How much did he pay you?Thirty thousand each, that fucking cocksucker.
Thirty thousand each, that fucking cocksucker.That's all? Thirty each. That's all it took for you to murder her?
That's all? Thirty each. That's all it took for you to murder her?It was a lot of fucking money.
Something like that.What did you do, knock her out, shoot her up... ?
What did you do, knock her out, shoot her up... ?What the fuck do you want from me?
What the fuck do you want from me?I want to know. I want to know exactly what you did to her!
Show me where you did it, on the map, exactly where you did it.Why?
Why?Because we're going there.
I don't know. I felt like it. I never saw anyone get done before.You enjoy it?
Tell me what happened.What do you want to know? You saw it, you saw the loop...
What do you want to know? You saw it, you saw the loop...Nobody saw you bring her in?
What did you do with her body?Took it out the bathroom window. Buried it in the woods.
Took it out the bathroom window. Buried it in the woods.Show me.
Stop talking.You got absolute zero.
You got absolute zero.Show me where you buried her.
Show me where you buried her.I don't know... ... out there somewhere.
I don't know... ... out there somewhere.Where? Show me where.
Do it.Don't think I won't.
Easy enough for you.I never killed anyone.
Of what sort?You are a private investigator?
You are a private investigator?That's right.
They're no friends of mine.Except, you're willing commit murder with them.
Shut up.Mary Anne Mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered.
Mary Anne Mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered.Shut your mouth and drive!
You're asking me why?I'm asking.
Why did he buy a film of some poor, lost girl getting butchered?Isn't it incredibly obvious?
Isn't it incredibly obvious?Enlighten me.
You almost went over your limit.Fuck you.
Give me the film.You'll get it when we get there.
Big date tonight?Yeah... guess so.
Yeah... guess so.Can I interest you in a battery operated-vagina?
Can I interest you in a battery operated-vagina?Pardon me?
Pardon me?My boss tells me I have to do more suggestive selling.
My boss tells me I have to do more suggestive selling.Well, it's tempting, but no thanks.
Wouldn't want to embarrass yourself in front of your fellow perverts.Might get drummed out of the pornographer's union, and then where would I be?
Remember me?Came back for that battery-operated vagina, right? Told you you would.
I need some information. Thought you might be able to help.Thomas Welles. Nice picture.
How long you been working there?Three, four years.
Three, four years.What's your name, if you don't mind me asking?
What's your name, if you don't mind me asking?Max.
I'm not a cop.You're a private eye. Like Shaft.
You're a private eye. Like Shaft.Not quite.
Not quite.From Pennsylvania. P.I. from PA. What are you doing out here?
How much?How much do you make now?
How much do you make now?Four hundred a week, off the books.
Sounds good, pops.Here's my number if you need it... When can you start?
Here's my number if you need it... When can you start?Tomorrow night, I get off at eight.
Tomorrow night, I get off at eight.See you then. Oh, and, don't call me "pops."
... Hello... ?Wake up, pops. Your education begins tonight.
Snuff films.I heard you asking. That guy wasn't yanking you around. There's no such thing.
I heard you asking. That guy wasn't yanking you around. There's no such thing.What other ways are there to get illegal films? Who do you see?
How old are you?Twenty-five.
Twenty-five.Where are your parents?
Where are your parents?I don't know, where are yours?
I'm not mixed up in anything, hayseed. What are you talking about?You just strike me as smart enough to be doing something else.
What about me?I see a ring on your finger. You have any kids?
I see a ring on your finger. You have any kids?A daughter.
Specialty product.You're learning.
You're learning.Where does he sell it?
I'm a working stiff, pops.Take a vacation. I'll pay you four hundred a day, plus expenses.
Take a vacation. I'll pay you four hundred a day, plus expenses.You want me to come out there and play private eye?
You didn't say it was gonna be this luxurious.It's their Presidential Suite.
It's their Presidential Suite.Great.
Wha... ?Who is this, in the mask? Who is he?
Who is he?I told you, he's one of Dino Velvet's stock players...
I told you, he's one of Dino Velvet's stock players...Who is he, his name?
You don't need to be here.What kind of Junior P.I. would I be if I didn't go with you?
Still don't want to tell me what you're doing?Nope.
What's this?It's money. People use it to purchase goods and services.
Mister Welles. You're very prompt.I try to be.
Have a pleasant evening. Will you have tea, Mister Welles?Thank you.
He's odd.He's a lawyer. Please, sit, here...
I've been privileged to provide services for people I admire.You are highly recommended. Praised for your discretion... your strict adherence to confidentiality.
As you know, my husband passed away recently. Two weeks ago now.My condolences.
My condolences.His passing has left me with... something of a dilemma. A terrible, terrible dilemma.
His passing has left me with... something of a dilemma. A terrible, terrible dilemma.I'll do whatever I can to help.
Do you want to tell me what you found?Cash, stock certificates, and this...
It's a film... of a girl being murdered.I'm afraid I don't...
Will you watch it and see for yourself?Of course. But, I'm certain it's nothing to worry about.
You... you need to go to the police.I told you I can't, not yet.
I told you I can't, not yet.You don't have any other choice.
I deal in divorce cases. Corporate investigations...You've found missing persons before.
You've found missing persons before.Nothing remotely like this.
Okay...My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash.
My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash.I'm not positive this means anything.
I'm not positive this means anything.The checks were for odd amounts...
Okay, I follow you so far...Totalled together, these five checks from five different accounts, they equal one million dollars.
Totalled together, these five checks from five different accounts, they equal one million dollars.You're joking.
You're joking.To the penny. Exactly one million dollars in cash.
Hello... ?I'm here.
I'm here.Do you think the film could have cost that much?
You told me to look, so I looked.You're one hell of a detective, Mrs. Christian.
Hello?Mrs. Christian, Tom Welles here.
Mrs. Christian, Tom Welles here.How are you? Having any luck?
How are you? Having any luck?I don't know if luck's the word. Are you feeling alright?
I hope it's nothing serious.Nothing more than a bother. Have you any news for me?
How will I get it to you?If you have a pencil and paper, I'll tell you how to send it.
Yes... ?Hello, Mrs. Mathews, my name's Thomas Jones, I'm a state licensed investigator...
What was the name... ? I've got it here somewhere...Neil... Neil Cole.
They hired you. You're like, a private detective?That's exactly what I am.
No.She just seemed... depressed... ?
What was she running from?I don't know.
Yes.September 4th, 1993. About a year after Mary disappeared.
September 4th, 1993. About a year after Mary disappeared.We were divorced by then. Things fell apart... he was living with a friend...
We were divorced by then. Things fell apart... he was living with a friend...Why do you think he did it?
Why do you think he did it?It got to be too much for him.
I had to ask. I apologize.No one knows what it's like. You can't even imagine how much it hurts.
People remember me from the news. Can you drive me back now?Of course.
We're all like that.Are you religious?
Are you religious?No.
No.You should be.
There wasn't one. The police looked.Do you think the police did a good job?
Do you think the police did a good job?I don't know. I think so.
How... how can you say that to me...?Will you let me look?
Mrs. Mathews, your daughter is dead. She's dead.Who is this... ?
No...He raped her and...and...and he murdered her...he cut her up with knifes...
He raped her and...and...and he murdered her...he cut her up with knifes...No... no... no...
Yes... I remember MaryYou... you do? You're sure? Please, Sister, will you take another look, make sure...
You... you do? You're sure? Please, Sister, will you take another look, make sure...Yes. I remember her.
What is this?Those are her belongings.
Those are her belongings.Her belongings?
Her belongings?That's her suitcase. I had forgotten it, till you showed me her picture.
None too discreet, is he?No, sir, he is not.
No, sir, he is not.He's an imbecile. I tried to warn my daughter, but what can you do?
The um... you'll find my invoice in the envelope. If that's all...Yes, Mister Welles, thank you.
Yes, Mister Welles, thank you.Certainly, Senator. If I can ever be of further assistance.
Okay, I'll take it all.Excellent. we accept MasterCard and American Express.
Excellent. we accept MasterCard and American Express.Cash.
Alright. May I have your phone number, area code first?No, you may not.
No, you may not.Okay. Fine.
Don't you think it kind of defeats the purpose?What?
What?The mirror. You can't see yourself in it.
The mirror. You can't see yourself in it.I don't want to.
Yeah. She'd be half as strict as you.But she wouldn't let Dad treat me like that.
But she wouldn't let Dad treat me like that.Look, you gotta stand up for yourself. Learn to fight back.
Rick...I can't.Never say can't. Just do what I do.
Alice, you think you can leave?What's wrong?
What's wrong?Kincaid and Joey died last night.
Kincaid and Joey died last night.What?
You alright?Kristen...
I heard you screaming. Was it a bad one?It was bad.
It was bad.Doesn't the dream master work for you anymore?
Doesn't the dream master work for you anymore?I can't find him.
Hey, since when do you play Thomas Edison? This looks like Sheila's.It is...was. It's a zapper, it might help me stay awake.
It is...was. It's a zapper, it might help me stay awake.Yeah, or turn you into toast.
I can't go back to sleep again.I haven't slept much either. Since Kristen...
I'm sure they're around.Yeah, I'm not so sure.
I love to dream, I just hate ones about my dad.You could do worse.
I daydream. you have to dream about some place fun. Remember you're in control.How'd you learn so much about dreams?
How'd you learn so much about dreams?When they're all you have, you kinda become an expert.
You in a hurry?I gotta get to the library before it closes. Killer physics test.
I gotta get to the library before it closes. Killer physics test.I know. I hardly have any time to study.
Ohhhhbaby, I am dead on my feet.We have matching luggage.
We have matching luggage.What?
You've been up all night?That obvious, huh?
That obvious, huh?Then you saw him, too?
No...You're his sister, right?
You're his sister, right?Rick stayed later after school with Kristen. She wasn't feeling very well.
Rick stayed later after school with Kristen. She wasn't feeling very well.Tell him I was looking for him, okay? I'm Dan.
Tell him I was looking for him, okay? I'm Dan.I know. Uh...Alice.
No, don't! I gave Sheila to him and now she's dead!Kristen's story really got to her.
I've been working double shifts.Extra money, huh?
Extra money, huh?Look, you know why, you just don't believe me.
No offense, or anything, but it's kind of hard to swallow.The story is, the deaths you can't argue with.
How long have you been awake?Three days.
Not really.Is there something we can do?
Is there something we can do?I don't think so. I guess this is my own war.
He's going after Debbie, I gotta stop him.Hey, you're not alone. We have to stop him, I'm with you.
Hey, you're not alone. We have to stop him, I'm with you.You just feel sorry for me.
As long as your driving doesn't kill us.It's okay, we're just about there.
He's going after Debbie. I gotta stop him.You know, I get the weirdest feeling we've been through this before.
Here we are.Something's wrong here. It feels like...
What the hell was that?Debbie. She's gone. I've...collected her, like the others.
You look great!Save it for later. Come on!
Rick, please.Alright, I think I see salvation...
I think Sheila's more interested in dissecting bodies than just admiring them.Give her time. Beauty is skin deep.
It was Freddy.Enough of that crap.
Enough of that crap.I saw it. It was my dream. I brought Sheila in...
T-T-Thanks Alice...Earth to Alice...
Hey, Rick!Excuse me, ladies. I'll just be a moment.
I don't get it.Let me talk to you.
Hey man, we're all sorry...She knew she was gonna die.
Been up with Alice.How she doing? I ran into her last night.
What's wrong with me?Your distraught. It'll help...
Honey, we went over this in therapy.Mother, you've just murdered me. Take that to your goddamn therapy...
Something wrong with the stairs?Avoid-all-contact-day.
Avoid-all-contact-day.What?
What?When dad's popping aspiring like popcorn, it's avoid-all-contact-day.
What is it?Oh God! He killed them!
Now you know who and what Freddy really is.I though Freddy was just an old town story.
I though Freddy was just an old town story.It's no story. It happened. Freddy's real and he's back.
I'll tell you later.It's no just a house. It's his home. He's waiting there for me...to dream.
It's no just a house. It's his home. He's waiting there for me...to dream.It's okay, babe. We're with you.
It's okay, babe. We're with you.I told you you can't help. This isn't a normal nightmare. I'm doomed.
Feeling better now?Yeah. I guess so... What happened?
Yeah. I guess so... What happened?You had a nasty bump.
I gotta get out of here.You just stay put. You need rest.
You just stay put. You need rest.You don't get it, he's after me...
You don't get it, he's after me...Don't worry, honey
Excuse us, dear.It's okay, Dan
Frankly, dear, we wondered what you intend to do with our baby?What I what? Well, I've thought about it. I plan to keep him.
Look, I appreciate what you're offering, but no. He is my responsibility.And ours. It's our grandchild.
In your present condition, Alice, we're worried about your ability --What are you talking about? My "condition"?...
Hey...wake up.Huh?
Shouldn't you be in your room, Jacob?It's lonely in there, in my room.
It's lonely in there, in my room.My name is...
I'm sorry your boyfriend got killed.How did you know that?
Hi, you don't look very well. Are you feeling all right?Been having bad dreams.
Is that who you're waiting for?No...
Who says I don't like you?My friend, with the funny hand.
Mommy...?Come on downstairs. He won't hurt you. He needs us both.
Where is he?He's inside you, where he hides.
What do you mean?It's where he hides out. Inside. That's how he found me.
But how...?He says it's easy. Especially with sad people. With closed-off people.
Hi, beautiful.Jesus! Don't do that!
Jesus! Don't do that!Sorry, babe.
Okay, babe. What's the matter?Nothing...it's just...I didn't see my father at the ceremony.
Nothing...it's just...I didn't see my father at the ceremony.He'll show up. C'mon, what's really wrong?
You stopped it didn't you? It was probably just a regular bad dream.Yeah...I guess.
Yeah...I guess.You don't dream him up, he can't hurt you. Or me. Or us. Remember...
You don't dream him up, he can't hurt you. Or me. Or us. Remember...You're right.
You're right.There you go. Love you.
There you go. Love you.Me too.
That's in the past. Unless you've stopped going to the meetings.No. A deal's a deal.
Where are we going?To take a picture.
Thanks for everything, Dad.You sure you don't want a ride to work?
You sure you don't want a ride to work?It's just across the park.
I'm so sorry, honey...Daddy, he's coming back...Krueger's coming back. Make them understand.
How was the meeting?Sobering...
Sobering...Very funny.
Very funny.Alice...
Alice...Since when are you such a smart shopper?
Since when are you such a smart shopper?Since my little girl became a mom...
Since my little girl became a mom...You disappointed in me?
Alice!I've got to go.
But Dad --Now.
Hey, what's wrong with you -- let's see a smile.Had kind of a long night.
Had kind of a long night.Dan keeping you up again? Put a lock on that window, girl.
Dan keeping you up again? Put a lock on that window, girl.No, the Dan part was nice...
Good to see you again, Mr. Grey. I've got to go find Dan.Yeah, before they revoke his diploma.
Did everyone call everyone?They're waiting for us...but let's keep this dream stuff between you and me.
What's that got to do with it?When Dan died you weren't even asleep. You said so. End of story.
It was just an accident. Like with Dan.No accident. I tried to warn all of you about Krueger.
You had me scared on the phone. What's wrong with the baby?I think Krueger's trying to do something to it.
I really think you need to calm down now, okay?I just can't figure out how he's getting in when I'm awake...
Look...we're all tired. None of us had any sleep since Friday night...That's the only reason you're alive...
Are you alright?Yeah...So that's him. And you're not crazy.
You think that's the place she's buried?If they actually bothered to bury her.
What?Jacob. We've got to get to Amanda before it's too late.
You do good work, Alice.So did Dan.
Give up, Mark, it's hopeless.I think I'm starting to wear her down. Have some anyway.
Not to mention the heartbreak of psoriasis.Greta, come on. One burger with me?
My dad's got this thing about drinking in the house.Well we gotta do something!
I've got to write some of this down.That's why it's my fault Dan's dead.
Mark, are you okay?Yeah. I'm just aces.
I thought about that.She must've fallen asleep at the table...
Then get out!Mark!
Do you think I'm an idiot...for being in love with her?Nobody thinks that.
Tell me some more about this Krueger guy.Why don't I go make some coffee. There's a lot to tell.
Who's Jacob?My baby!
My baby!What, you named it already?
Where are you going?I'm going to see what else I can find out about Mr. Fred Krueger
I couldn't do that, Mark. He's my last link with Dan...No, I want him.Then we'll find another way.
They think I'm nuts.That's their problem.
They couldn't prove it. No body! Nuns bumping themselves off is bad for business.But I've seen her grave.
But I've seen her grave.Empty plot. Memorial stone. Vacant. They never did put her under. Cool, huh?
Poor woman...No shit.
I don't understand.She killed herself. Her soul's gonna be in torment.
Yeah, when are you gonna come to your senses?Next life. Oh, what's that?
Next life. Oh, what's that?My undying love. Have some.
Meet me later. Milkshakes. Cherry pie. Banana splits. And no mom!Pimples, heartburn, cellulite... and no modeling career.
That club sucks, they card everybody. Let's just party at your place.You know my mother -- get real. What about Alice's?
He's right. Sometimes I feel like I'm living with Melicertes.Who?
These things are wild... What do you think?Makes you look like a nun--
Stop saying that, it's bullshit.I want to talk about the baby.
Vomit?Faint.
It's okay.Stick around, please?
You, too?He invited me to his house last night.
It was supposed to be. Dad had a heart attack, two days ago.How is he - ?
What is it?Your 'out.' This came for you.
Your 'out.' This came for you.My father! He's not - ?
My father! He's not - ?Dead? Matter of fact, he's much better. He's left the hospital.
We're <u>all</u> risking our lives!That may be. But Dad stays where <u>he</u> is, and I'm staying here!
That may be. But Dad stays where <u>he</u> is, and I'm staying here!You're really a mixed-up oddball, aren't you?
Unidentified Flying Objects.Then...this is a 'flying saucer?'
Yes?Which is the one - we have to worry about?
But if they <u>do</u>?I don't know.
Reef!So they caught up with you, too?
<u>That's</u> the worst possible moment?What could be worse than disappoint- ing a little girl?
What could be worse than disappoint- ing a little girl?Disappointing a <u>big</u> girl!
You've asked why I stay a bachelor? There goes the best reason I know!Huh?
Huh?I might have a son like <u>that!</u>
I guess Skipper Neilsen re- tired before you enrolled at the Academy, didn't he?I guess.
Have you ever talked to Carl - tried to see his side?'His' side? I've seen it, all right. A nice, bright yellow!
We're stuck tight!Skipper! Look at the depth gauge!
You've got to let us try, Skipper --'Us?'
You all wait here. I'm going inside, take a look.Not <u>alone</u>, you're not!
I think you're right.Go back and tell Dr. Neilsen. Have him report to the Skipper.
Yeah?Listen! Hear that?
Hey - you know somethin'? It's getting lighter in here!You know - it <u>is</u>?
And if I didn't <u>know</u> better - I'd swear we were moving!Let's get back to work, and maybe we <u>will</u> be, soon.
You hear that?The sound again?
Where do you think the voice you heard was coming from?Somewhere down there?
Somewhere down there?Wonder where Powell and Carney are?
Wonder where Powell and Carney are?We'll have to look for them later.
Well?I'm with <u>you!</u>
Here - keep these. It wants me to come alone.Oh it does???
Dave - !What's goin' on in here, Lad? What - ?
Get ready. We shove off as soon as Griff reports all the crew aboard.Right, Skipper.
Is there any way out of it?Seems to be all around...
Seems to be all around...What about down?
What about down?I...don't know!
Course and speed?Speed...about twenty-two knots. Course...due north!
A mass of jelly-like stuff came out of the thing, and caught our torpedo!What???
What course, Skipper?Right at our one-eyed friend!
You better take Powell and Carney with you --The frogmen?
The frogmen?With their underwater experience, they'll be invaluable. Take sidearms, and flare pistols --
With their underwater experience, they'll be invaluable. Take sidearms, and flare pistols --Sidearms? But the saucer's dead.
Sidearms? But the saucer's dead.We hope!
Excuse me, Skipper---Yes, Griff?
Yes, Griff?All internal repairs completed, and Frogmen report exterior damage minor.
Skipper - could you take a look here...?Something wrong?
Something wrong?The inertial navigation system. Must have been knocked out in the crash.
The inertial navigation system. Must have been knocked out in the crash.Why do you say that?
Why do you say that?We're dead in the water. But it indicates we're moving!
We're dead in the water. But it indicates we're moving!What????
Now they feel it...down below.Radiation level...constantly rising...
Under <u>water</u>?High-intensity arcs will burn, submerged. And millions of volts...discharged in random directions...
...above Murmansk, and Finland.Suppose our theorizing is correct? Then this <u>could</u> be the next danger point!
The radiation level - from the saucer - it's rising!What direction does the system indicate?
As we near the Pole...There's got to be an explanation!
There's got to be an explanation!There is. I believe our friend...Cyclops... is returning to life!
All ready?As ready as we <u>can</u> be! I'll report to the Skipper.
Who with?Dr. Neilsen. He'll be - -
'Doctor' Neilsen? When did <u>that</u> happen?Huh?
Huh?It'll be all right. We're old friends!
What do you think?I think I should have joined the Air Force!
Determine extent of damage, immediately.After torpedo room: Report!
You're sure it's Cyclops?Take a look.
What's the running time?Thirty-four seconds!
Right <u>at</u> him?That's what I said!
That's what I said!But - what can we accomplish?
But - what can we accomplish?We can <u>ram</u> him!
Suppose there's an atmosphere, of some kind, inside Cyclops?What?
Straight to the Pole - at almost fifty knots!Nothing we can do, now.
What's the corrected bearing to the Magnetic Pole?Minus three.
Remove your weapons, Commander. And come here - alone!Come where?
Swell!Your friend was to remain where he was!
He did!I am afraid not. Therefore -
Why not me? What am I - the closing act?On the contrary. I want you - unharmed - perfect.
On the contrary. I want you - unharmed - perfect.Why?
That's why no water leaked inside when we rammed you?Of course. But it is time to be- gin the return voyage --
To navigate, won't you have to... see your way?Obviously.
Obviously.<u>That</u> might be a <u>little</u> <u>rough</u>!
My yeoman will show you to your quarters.Thank you.
Well, I'll be - !I'll be another!
We've asked ourselves that - over and over - a thousand times.But <u>answers</u> are what we need - not more questions!
Due north. At five knots...no, six!Toward the Pole!
Cyclops will have to linger at the Pole to recharge his power banks.All right - go to it.
You got yourself a computer, Alma.Been putting my files into it. You take sugar and milk?
Been putting my files into it. You take sugar and milk?No. Black.
Alma, I think there's some dirty business going on in this town.Always has been.
Who?Evan Twombley, the union boss who got shot. Somebody murdered him.
Evan Twombley, the union boss who got shot. Somebody murdered him.Who?
Who?You know Jack Hewitt, the kid I work with?
Sometimes things are simpler than you think. Let me ask you a question.You don't believe me?
Has anybody offered to buy it?As a mater of fact, yes. LaRiviere.
This is from three years ago. Some difference, huh?What is the Northcountry Development Association?
Twombley involved?No.
What are you boys up to?Same old shit.
Tell me.Chub says you're fired.
Chub says you're fired.He can't fire me. LaRiviere already did that this morning.
I plan to. Soon.How soon?
How soon?This spring.
Yes.Fine. I'll need a $500 retainer. You can mail it.
Fine. I'll need a $500 retainer. You can mail it.Jesus. How much... how much will the whole thing cost?
You heard the news.I hear Twombley got shot.
I hear Twombley got shot.Yeah.
Lawyer? I don't need no lawyer, do I?No, of course not. Just say it, that's all.
He's on to us!Shit! What are we gonna do?
Shit! What are we gonna do?Maybe I can buy him off. I gotta talk to Mel.
Maybe I can buy him off. I gotta talk to Mel.You can't buy Wade off.
You can't buy Wade off.We bought you.
We bought you.That was me.
If you get it?Yeah.
Yeah.You might not kill it.
You might not kill it.You think so.
You take care of your end, kid, I'll take care of mine.Mmm.
And you'll get your extra hundred bucks.Wonderful!
I'm okay.Follow close. We'll cross the next meadow.
I used to play ball.Yeah?
Yeah?Drafted by the Red Sox.
Drafted by the Red Sox.You played for the Sox?
You played for the Sox?Double A. New Britain.
Double A. New Britain.Oh.
Oh.Pitcher. "Best ballplayer to come out of New Hampshire since Carlton Fisk."
Pitcher. "Best ballplayer to come out of New Hampshire since Carlton Fisk."Really.
Really.They said.
They said.Hmm.
Hmm.The only difference between me and that Clemens on TV is luck, shit luck.
The only difference between me and that Clemens on TV is luck, shit luck.What happened?
Safety on?Yeah.
Yeah.This way.
This way.Sun's gettin high.
Sun's gettin high.Deers have ears too.
Fresh tracks. Deer shit. Big one. Here's your buck, Mr. Twombley. I'll circle around.You only got a little while if you want your hundred bucks.
Don't mind if I do.LaRiviere's having a hell of a time in there. Master of fucking ceremonies.
LaRiviere's having a hell of a time in there. Master of fucking ceremonies.Where's that gun you were bragging on today?
No brag. Just fact.Got you for -- 450, 500 bucks?
I thought I told you to move that truck!Relax, Chief. We're leaving. You wanna toke?
Like you and Gordon?Right. The sonofabitch couldn't get along without me.
Right. The sonofabitch couldn't get along without me.Yeah, he'd go broke tomorrow if you quit him.
Yeah, he'd go broke tomorrow if you quit him.Right!
Bastard's got his high beams on.Shit.
Where'd Twombley get shot?In the chest.
In the chest.No, I mean whereabouts.
No, I mean whereabouts.A half mile in, along the old lumber road.
A half mile in, along the old lumber road.You bring him up yourself? That's a steep climb.
You bring him up yourself? That's a steep climb.The ambulance guys lugged him up.
The ambulance guys lugged him up.You stayed away?
You stayed away?Yeah.
Yeah.Where'd you get the blood?
Where'd you get the blood?What blood?
What blood?On your sleeve.
On your sleeve.Musta... How'd I know? What're you doing, playing cop?
Well, I didn't actually see him do it. Like I said.Sure you did.
Sure you did.What?
What?Saw him do it?
You musta seen him get shot. I know you did.Let's get the fuck outta here. You're not making any sense, man.
Yeah.Twombley sure as hell won't be shooting it again.
Twombley sure as hell won't be shooting it again.He sure as hell won't.
I'm fucking out of here.Lawford?
Lawford?Out of this fucking job. This job sucks. Working outside in the winter sucks.
Open the door, will ya?Why don't you quit now, you want out so bad?
Why don't you quit now, you want out so bad?Open the door. We're late.
Yeah.Look. Those kids are still trick-or- treating. They're still out.
Those are the Hoyts.I don't care. They're out.
Why do they do that?Do what?
Do what?You know.
You know.Break stuff?
Break stuff?Yeah. It's stupid.
Yeah. It's stupid.I guess they're stupid.
I guess they're stupid.Did you do that when you were a kid?
Was it funny?To us it was.
To us it was.But it's not funny now.
I bet you did lots of bad things.What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?I just think you used to be bad.
Go on, Jill. Some of those kids you still know.I don't want to.
It's not that.What then?
What then?It's stupid.
It's stupid.It's fun.
It's fun.I want to go home. I don't like it here.
No.No what?
I called Mommy.What? You called Mommy? Just now?
What? You called Mommy? Just now?Yes.
Yes.Jesus, why?
Jesus, why?I... because I want to go home. She said she'd come and get me.
See, I knew you'd be mad.Yeah. Yeah, right, I'm mad. What'd you tell her, for Christ sake?
Yeah. Yeah, right, I'm mad. What'd you tell her, for Christ sake?I told her I wanted to come home. Daddy, don't be mad at me.
She's gone already! Gone already! Couldn't wait.Yes.
Yes.That's all you got to say? "Yes".
That's all you got to say? "Yes".Yes.
Dad.I'm glad you're here. Can you stay for a while?
Are we going in this?Yeah. My car's in the shop. This'll be fine.
Yeah. My car's in the shop. This'll be fine.It's pretty old.
It's pretty old.It belongs to Pop.
It belongs to Pop.Pop?
Pop?Grandpa. My father. It's his.
Grandpa. My father. It's his.Oh.
How about a Big Mac?Mommy won't let me eat fast food. You know that. It's bad for you.
No.What do you want, then?
What do you want, then?Nothing.
Nothing.You can't have nothing, Jill. We need lunch. Mr. Pizza?
You can't have nothing, Jill. We need lunch. Mr. Pizza?Same thing, Daddy. Mommy says --
Same thing, Daddy. Mommy says --I know what Mommy says. I'm in charge today, though.
I know what Mommy says. I'm in charge today, though.Okay. So we'll get what you want. What do you want?
Okay.Fine.
Please don't cry. Please, honey.What are you sorry for?
I want to go home.You can't.
That's illegal, you know.I know.
I know.You're a policeman.
You're a policeman.Nope. Not anymore. I'm nothing anymore.
Nope. Not anymore. I'm nothing anymore.Oh.
Jill, please, it's alright. Nothing happened.I want to go home.
I want to go home.Okay, let's go home, then.
Tomorrow, Gordon.Watch this snow. It's coming down tonight.
Told you the snow was coming down. Take the grader.Where's the plow?
Where's the plow?Jimmy took it. Jack's out hunting with Evan Twombley.
Jimmy took it. Jack's out hunting with Evan Twombley.His son-in-law damn near killed me.
His son-in-law damn near killed me.Huh?
You don't want the extra police pay?I'm not saying that.
Fuck you.That's what I love about a small town. You know everybody.
What's the hurry?A hunting accident. Jack and Twombley.
A hunting accident. Jack and Twombley.Huh?
Huh?I figured you already heard.
Fuck. Turn it off. All you heard was there was some kinda accident?Twombley's shot. I heard that. Not Jack. He's okay, I assume.
Twombley's shot. I heard that. Not Jack. He's okay, I assume.Fuck. You don't know how bad or anything?
Fuck. You don't know how bad or anything?You mean Twombley?
You mean Twombley?Yes, Wade, I mean Twombley. Put out that cigarette. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
You ain't the hunter Jack is. And he can't drive the grader worth shit.Like hell.
That must've been Twombley. Jesus. I bet that was Twombley.You want me to follow them to Littleton?
It ain't done, if that's what you mean.Something bugging you?
Something bugging you?Yeah. A few things.
How you holding up, Wade?I'm fine, fine.
I'm fine, fine.You Rolfe? I remember you from high school. You're a teacher now? Harvard?
Sorry about the long lunch. My clutch is going out again.You ever think of getting a new car, Wade?
You ever think of getting a new car, Wade?On what you pay me?
On what you pay me?Elaine! Call Chub Meritt and have him pick up Wade's car, fix the clutch.
I saw Mel Gordon in here this morning.So?
Want to buy?Don't light that in here. I'm allergic.
Don't light that in here. I'm allergic.I won't. You interested?
I won't. You interested?Maybe.
Maybe.You and Mel Gordon?
You and Mel Gordon?Could be.
Lillian!Where's Jill?
Yeah.She's grown up some, hasn't she?
You ever come to your father's grave anymore?No, not anymore. It's too... it's too far.
No, not anymore. It's too... it's too far.We should talk.
We should talk.We've done all our talking, Wade.
We've done all our talking, Wade.It's just...
Yeah, lots.See. Get your boots.
See. Get your boots.Hi honey.
No problem. Look, I...You make me sick. I can't believe you've sunk so low.
Are you okay, Wade? What was wrong? Why were you holding everyone up?Did you see that sonofabitch in the BMW? He could've killed somebody.
Did you see that sonofabitch in the BMW? He could've killed somebody.Did you get his number?
Did you get his number?I know who it is.
I know who it is.Good. Who?
Good. Who?Mel Gordon.
Mel Gordon.I still don't understand --
New hat? Jill's up, I see.For a while.
For a while.How's she doing?
How's she doing?Okay. She's fine.
See you tomorrow, maybe.You okay?
You okay?Yeah.
You okay?Yeah.
Yeah.I'm sorry about what I said.
I'm sorry about what I said.Said what?
Said what?About you and Jill and needing a third person. She went back to Lillian?
About you and Jill and needing a third person. She went back to Lillian?Forget it.
Forget it.I'm sorry.
You don't mean that.Yeah. I mean that.
Call me.Tonight. Let's get together.
Tonight. Let's get together.Okay.
Money.Jack doesn't need money.
I can see what you looked like as a kid.You knew me as a kid.
Oh, Wade.I've been thinking about it, that's all.
I've been thinking about it, that's all.You've been married twice --
Alright. I'll think about it.Good.
Are you sure they're home? Did you call?The truck's here. Looks like they've stayed inside since the snow started.
Strange.Think they're alright?
Think they're alright?Of course! I would've heard.
Of course! I would've heard.How?
How?I don't know for Christ's sake!
This is nuts.Wade.
What happened?Jesus Christ, Pop, let's go home. I got waylaid. Sorry.
What on earth is happening to you? Why are you acting this way?It's my tooth! My fucking tooth! I can't even think anymore because of it.
It's my tooth! My fucking tooth! I can't even think anymore because of it.I heard you talking. You got fired this morning, didn't you?
Don't lie to me. You're leaving me, I can see that.Don't be silly. Hi, Jill.
Have you been heating the house? Not just with the stove.There's a furnace.
There's a furnace.You're not using it today?
You're not using it today?It's broke I guess. There's an electric in the bedroom.
Coffee's perked.When did she die?
When did she die?Is...? She's dead then?
It makes me sad.Can --?
Can --?Makes me sad it was her. Instead of me. I shoulda froze.
Whitehouse. Next time, phone ahead.How's that?
What the hell are you talking about?I'm issuing you a ticket. Moving violation.
Hold on!Don't ever put your hands on me, Mr. Gordon.
Don't give me a hard time, Mr. Gordon. I'm just --Doing your fucking job. I know. I watch television too.
Doing your fucking job. I know. I watch television too.Yes. Here's your ticket.
Who are you?I was... I'm Wade Whitehouse. I was wondering, is your husband here?
I was... I'm Wade Whitehouse. I was wondering, is your husband here?He's asleep. We were up very late.
Something about my father?Oh, no. No, it's a... it's a traffic thing. No big deal.
Oh, no. No, it's a... it's a traffic thing. No big deal.Can't it wait, then?
It don't look right.What?
What?The sign. It looks like it's spelled wrong or something.
You talked to Jack?Not since last night. He took a guy hunting.
Jack?The other guy.
The other guy.Where... how'd you hear that?
Jillie, you want a cheese grilled sandwich?It's called a grilled cheese sandwich, you dub.
His office. You mean my old office.Well, I guess -- that's what he said.
Well, I guess -- that's what he said.He got his deer yet?
Just do it.Atta-go.
What was that? You got something to say, say it! Say it!Nothing.
Nothing.You no-good pup!
Jesus, Pop, how can you stand the cold, dressed like that? Where's Ma?Sleeping.
Sleeping.You remember Margie Fogg?
You remember Margie Fogg?From Wickham's. Been a while. Like some coffee?
From Wickham's. Been a while. Like some coffee?How you and Ma doing? Haven't seen you in town for a while.
How you and Ma doing? Haven't seen you in town for a while.We're alright. Your Ma's sleeping. You want me to get her?
We're alright. Your Ma's sleeping. You want me to get her?Yeah.
Where's Ma?She's coming.
Is there something wrong with the phone?In the living room.
In the living room.Why didn't you call and have the furnace fixed?
Why didn't you call and have the furnace fixed?Wade. I thought she was alright. Till this morning she was.
Pop, for Christ's sake!You think you can take me now? Come on, try.
Love! What the fuck do you know about love?Love! I'm made of love!
Love! I'm made of love!Call it what you want.
Call it what you want.Everything you know is from me.
Everything you know is from me.Yeah.
Yeah.Bang!
Bang!You and me.
Rolfe.Wade?
Who?Twombley.
Twombley.No shit.
No shit.You think Jack shot him?
You think Jack shot him?Well, it was an accident.
Lillian was here. In Lawford.Huh?
Huh?The night before the shooting.
The night before the shooting.How was she?
Who?Jill. I was thinking of getting a lawyer. Maybe you can help me.
Jill. I was thinking of getting a lawyer. Maybe you can help me.What happened?
What happened?A divorce lawyer. A custody lawyer. You know, 'cause of Jill.
Don't think about it. You're exhausted.Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, I guess.Get some sleep.
Haven't you already done a bit of that?No, no, I haven't. Not really. I've growled a little, but I haven't bit.
Pointless to stand around in church with nothing to do, I guess.What about Jill? Is Lillian bringing her?
Anyone else want one? Rolfe?No thanks. I don't drink.
No thanks. I don't drink.Yeah. I forgot.
What about Margie?What about her?
What about her?Well, do you still plan to get married?
Anything new about the shooting? Twombley?I guess it was an accident, like everybody thinks.
I guess it was an accident, like everybody thinks.Want to know what I think happened?
Find them everywhere.I think your first response to the Twombley shooting was the correct one.
I think your first response to the Twombley shooting was the correct one.Which is?
Which is?That it wasn't an accident.
That it wasn't an accident.Then who shot him?
Then who shot him?Well, your friend, I think. Jack Hewitt.
Well, your friend, I think. Jack Hewitt.Motive. You gotta have a motive.
Motive. You gotta have a motive.Money.
Not particularly.Right's right, goddamnit! Don't you care what's right?
Right's right, goddamnit! Don't you care what's right?I care about what happened. The truth. I'm a student of history, remember?
Yeah.I hate to disappoint you, but I don't think it happened.
I hate to disappoint you, but I don't think it happened.Of course it happened. Why would I lie about it?
Of course it happened. Why would I lie about it?It may have happened, but not the way you said.
It may have happened, but not the way you said.You think I wouldn't remember a thing like that?
I know what it means. I'm just running out of ways to use it.For what?
It's not like he hasn't made us wait a few times.Well, you aren't the President, dear.
Well, you aren't the President, dear.Yeah, no duh.
You don't want to say hi to your father?I'm sure he's busy.
I'm sure he's busy.Don't you even want to ask?
Hey Joey, how `bout a cocoa, double whip cream.Alice...
Alice...Mom, just this once, give it a rest.
Mom, just this once, give it a rest.You're jet-lagged. We'll talk about this back...
You're jet-lagged. We'll talk about this back...Back at The Fishbowl?
He's in a meeting. He can't be disturbed.I'm sorry, honey.
I'm sorry, honey.No, it's okay. After all, he is the President, right?
Some kids were teasing you?That's not really the point.
You're right and I'll tell you a secret. I know exactly how you feel.Big secret. You said the same thing to Newsweek.
Mom?Yes dear?
Yes dear?I'm sorry I was so mean to you earlier.
Daddy. Daddy, please...Jim... for godsake!
I don't drink coffee.You must be tired. It'll wake you up.
You must be tired. It'll wake you up.No, thank you. The gunfire did that.
You're one of Stravanavitch's men.So, you study world events, little one. That's good for a girl your age.
Fuck off, you stupid asshole.It would be a pity to squander such a strong personality.
He didn't leave us.You are a resilient man, Mr.
Oooooh, I'm good.Hey, you guys back already?
How was... ...the ballet?It was the experience of a lifetime.
It was the experience of a lifetime.How `bout a hug for the old man.
Alice!Daddy...
Daddy...Alice... I...
How you doing, sweetie?Been better, Dad... You?
Oh NY god... oh my god... oh my god...It's okay, honey. I got you. I got you. You're okay.
There they are!Okay, I'm slowing us down.
Did we warn them off?Yes. They refused to alter course and the 747 would not answer our hails.
It's some kind of trick... a preliminary airstrike in response to our troop movement.They are in our airspace. We would be within our rights.
Do you see the maintenance panel?Got it.
Got it.Pop it open. There should be a red switch, toggle it up.
Pop it open. There should be a red switch, toggle it up.Okay, it's on. We've got some indicator lights here.
It's cut.cross it... The static overwhelms the voice, then cuts out.
U.S. Pilots, this is Air Force One.Copy Air Force One. Welcome to the party.
You read my mind.Put your pilot on.
Put your pilot on.He's busy being dead.
Who's flying the fucking plane?I'm doing what I can.
Two and three are heading toward the Boeing.Okay. We're gonna arc a fat one to the right. Got it?
Okay. We're gonna arc a fat one to the right. Got it?Got it.
Got it.Stay cool.
How we doing, Colonel?We still got three MiGs running around and six more on the way.
Uh, we got a problem here.Just stay on my wing, sir. I'll take you all the way in.
Just stay on my wing, sir. I'll take you all the way in.No. We're losing fuel and my rudder's not responding.
No. We're losing fuel and my rudder's not responding.Lemme take a look.
Sluggish... I think it's jammed too.Uh, Tower, we got a problem up here.
He's dead then. They must have killed him.We don't know that.
Walter, if you have a point, make it.That kid's name was Jim Marshall.
They aren't answering their hails.This doesn't make sense.
I prefered the terrorists.That's game, set, and match. There's nothing to do, except call the Chief Justice.
It was a good ad-lib, sir.Thanks. Wrote it last night.
The Iraqi ambassador is claiming it's just an exercise.An exercise in futility. Send the Nimitz back in.
General Greely says it looks like the Middle East.Does your office have anything to add, Mr. Dean?
Can we do that?We've got four hours before they make it into Turkienistan airspace.
The Chief Justice? What on earth for?To swear you in as President.
Special Agent Gibbs. You helped do this?Yes, Mr. President.
Yes, Mr. President.Why?
Why?Because it is my duty.
Because it is my duty.You're duty to what? The country you served doesn't exist anymore.
You're duty to what? The country you served doesn't exist anymore.My loyalty was never to my country.
Air Force One, this is AF-135-RA. We have been instructed to refuel your plane.About goddamn time.
About goddamn time.Please change course to Zero Seven Four and drop to eighteen thousand feet. Over.
Please change course to Zero Seven Four and drop to eighteen thousand feet. Over.Air Force One, acknowledged. tNT. EMERGENCY PARACHUTE LAUNCH RAMP.
Air Force One, please reduce speed to 250 knots.Roger.
That's affirmative.Ga get it.
We've already been inspected.Sir, this plane carries the President of the United States.
The rest of the secret service?Dead.
Dead.How many others killed?
How many others killed?Nine.
Nine.Any of us?
Who did this?We checked the manifest. Everyone was accounted for.
We checked the manifest. Everyone was accounted for.A secret service agent. It must be.
Remarkable aircraft. Remarkable.why did they do that?
why did they do that?Psychology. They're trying to unnerve us.
Psychology. They're trying to unnerve us.Well it worked.
We've stopped dumping... but we've only got about twenty minutes of fuel left.We're not going to make it.
We're not going to make it.Not even close. Hell, we can't even make Syria or Iraq.
Not even close. Hell, we can't even make Syria or Iraq.Where are we now?
Where are we now?Over the Black Sea. I can probably get us to Turkey or Georgia.
Romeo Tango Zulu, do you have the President? Over.Stand by.
Stand by.Romeo Tango Zulu1 this is Tower.
We copy. Stand by... Tower?Tower, here.
A dubious distinction, no?I guess it depends on your perspective.
* Please tell me your name.Maria... Maria Mitchell.
Maria... Maria Mitchell.And what is it you do, Ms. Mitchell.
I'm responsible for Press Relations for the Flight Office.How are your fellow hostages feeling, Ms. Mitchell?
How are your fellow hostages feeling, Ms. Mitchell?Scared. We're scared.
You're pointing a gun at me.Very good. Thank you, Ms. Mitchell.
Now, or he dies, please.Come on, Alice.
What do you know of my husband?I know he left you behind.
I know he left you behind.My husband is a very courageous man.
Do you have to be so brutal?Yes
YesWhy? Do you enjoy it?
Why? Do you enjoy it?I neither enjoy nor dislike. I do what is necessary.
I neither enjoy nor dislike. I do what is necessary.How can you? I mean they're people.
That was war.So is this. Come now, you're upsetting the little one.
Shall I begin by executing the President's daughter? She's right here.No.
No.Say something dear.
Nor will there be. My husband does not negotiate with terrorists.You will be the first to pay for that mistake.
The world is such a dangerous place and we can't always protect our children.Please. You can kill me but leave my daughter alone.
Four...Jim...
Jim...Three...
You got what you wanted. You going to release us now?You're very valuable. And our nation needs so many things.
She isn't a part of this. This is between you and me.Call up Petrov and order Stravanavitch' S release.
This administration does not negotiate with terrorists.Pity. Mr. Gibbs.
Stop.You'll do it?
You'll do it?Yes, I'll do it. Just leave my family alone.
Yes, I'll do it. Just leave my family alone.Good. Good.
The taste of defeat is bitter, no?One thing I've learned as
There goes your ride.Let my daughter go or I'll take you out!
No you won't. You'll compromise... like always.Hold on, Alice.
Twenty minutes?You heard me. You. Congress and cabinet heads.
Get `em ready. You... come with me.Eighteen thousand feet, sir. And two hundred knots... otherwise it's suicide.
Eighteen thousand feet, sir. And two hundred knots... otherwise it's suicide.Got it.
I'll not going without my family.Yes, sir.
Sir, we stay with the President.That isn't necessary.
May I speak to you for a moment?Can't it wait?
Can't it wait?No, Mr. President. It can't.
Don't. I know spin control when I feel it.Rose, I don't have time for this.
You know what?What?
What?I miss you. And I miss her.
I miss you. And I miss her.But that's the point, Jim. We're right here.
But that's the point, Jim. We're right here.I wish it were that easy...
How did your speech go?Well, they aren't burning me in effigy. That's always a good sign.
Look on the bright side, hon. Shep here thinks I'll be a one termer.Shall I ask the Chief of Staff to schedule your daughter in?
I don't know why you stayed.Please... don't start with me.
Call Petrov... I'll be back.Both of you.
What are you doing?Flying the plane.
Flying the plane.You haven't even driven a car since you took office.
The fax machines.Excuse me?
Excuse me?The fax machines.
The fax machines.No good. I said they disabled the communications system.
No good. I said they disabled the communications system.No. I thought about this, Mr.
Where are we sending it?White House Situation room.
Someone should give you a raise.Actually, sir, you could be that someone.
Did they say anything about my family?They're still alive, but the loyalists plan to start killing hostages in forty minutes.
They're still alive, but the loyalists plan to start killing hostages in forty minutes.Then tell me there's a rescue operation underway.
What's going on?AGENT We're under attack.
AGENT We're under attack.Where's my family?
Where's my family?AGENT We're handling it, sir.
AGENT One.But...
But...AGENT Two... THREE. GO!
who can I say is calling?This is the President.
This is the President.Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.Don't cut me off. This is an emergency.
Okay... if you're the President, when's your wife's birthday?Look lady, I don't have time for games. Just put the....
Look lady, I don't have time for games. Just put the....Thank you for calling the white House...
Thank you for calling the white House...No. no. no. Wait. Wait.
You wanna knock of f?No, no. I'm fine. What did the Speaker say?
No, no. I'm fine. What did the Speaker say?He and the NRA don't like the wording.
I said it's not worth the fight. Steward, please.We'll just say it was in bad taste.
You give me ulcers.That's my job.
Mr. President... they're ready for you in the conference room.Okay. Hey, pumpkin, you'll tell me all about it later, right?
Mr. President, how the hell did you get on board?I never left. Where's my wife and daughter?
Shepherd.Sir...
My god. I think that was a MiG.A MiG? Where the hell are we?
Iraq, sir. We're over Iraq.Iraq? Shep, you're fired.
Shit.How long's it been since you flew, sir?
How long's it been since you flew, sir?Twenty-five years.
Twenty five minutes. They should be here any moment.They better. Fuel's almost gone.
IT'S OPEN!DO YOU SEE TEEM?
WE'RE HOOKED!We're hooked. Hove into position.
Commissioner, we both know the Mercury shuttle needs another month of pre-launch testing.Forget it. The boys on the board want that shuttle to go on schedule.
What?I just wish it was that simple.
That's right, Commissioner. Senselessly murdered just minutes ago.That just doesn't make any sense.
That just doesn't make any sense.I wonder how your boys in Washington are going to take this one.
Forget it. I was reading.I was reading too.
I was reading too.What's the story?
What's the story?Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor...
Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor...I was asking McCrosky, Commissioner.
Kruger, Sagittarius.Commissioner, Aquarius.
Did you feel that?Yes I did...
Yes I did...Felt like a large asteroid.
Felt like a large asteroid.Yes it did. Mr. Dunn, can I ask you a personal question?
Yes it did. Mr. Dunn, can I ask you a personal question?What is it, Mary?
What is it, Mary?Um... Do you people scream right when you... you know.
Oveur.Dunn.
Shut down accelerators.Accelerators down.
We seem to have a malfunction in disposal unit four, sir.You better check it, Unger.
Sir, I've got an overload in disposal unit four.You better check on it, Mr. Dunn. I'll stay here and fly the ship.
Dunn.Sir?
Sir?You better take this.
Elaine.Te...!
Te...!That's not important now, Elaine. We have to talk.
It's got to be stopped!But, Ted, the invitations have already gone out.
But, Ted, the invitations have already gone out.I mean the Mercury flight. It's not safe and, Kurtz, you know why.
Ted, what's wrong?Ask Simon.
Ted, you're overworked. You've been flying yourself into the ground.There's nothing wrong with me!
Elaine.Ted, please. You're just making things difficult for yourself.
Eat this spaghetti, Ted. It'll make you feel a lot better.Who's that, Ted?
Who's that, Ted?Sammy Davis Junior. Terrible car accident. He hasn't been the same since.
No goodbyes, Elaine. Just go.If that's the way you want it.
If that's the way you want it.That's the way I want it. Just turn the radio on and go.
That's the way I want it. Just turn the radio on and go.Goodbye, Ted. I don't want to hurt you.
Ted! What are you...?I have to get in there. I have to stop this flight.
Ted, we're taking off!Let me by, Elaine.
What are you doing, Ted?I've got it, Elaine! I've figured out what's wrong with the shuttle!
Ted.Not now, Elaine!
Not now, Elaine!Ted!
Elaine, we have to go back.We can't go back. We had something very special, but it's all over.
Ted, get a grip on yourself. You should never have left the hospital.Then you <u>do</u> think I'm insane.
Then you <u>do</u> think I'm insane.I've never used the word insane, Ted.
I've never used the word insane, Ted.What word would you use, Elaine?
What word would you use, Elaine?The word is sick. Ted -- very, very, very sick.
Elaine!Ted!
Ted!Elaine, what's going on?
Elaine, what's going on?Ted, there's no time to explain.
Ted, we've only got ten minutes.Not now, Elaine.
Not now, Elaine.I mean until we start to burn up.
I just want you to know, I love you Ted and always will.That might be the news we've been waiting for.
You mean...That's right -- premature ejection.
That's right -- premature ejection.What will happen to him, Ted?
Are you afraid?Not when I'm with you, Ted.
We've blown the computer! Elaine! Set course change!Set!
Set!Now!
Now!Compute!
Ted, the lever!Kramer, the WORP control handle just came off in my hand.
You can eat balanced meals, exercise, and take Geritol.I mean for Ted.
The brain is an amazingly complex organ, Elaine.Is he making any progress, Doctor?
Is he making any progress, Doctor?Yes -- last week that pile of mud was only this high.
For the best little computer officer on the Mercury mission.Simon.
Simon.Who would believe that Elaine Thompson was once a stewardess on the Denver-Chicago run.
Frank's the best pilot in the program.I'm so excited, Simon.
I'm so excited, Simon.I guess this is a first for you.
I guess this is a first for you.No, I've been excited before.
Simon, why has he become so... so...So mentally ill?
Have you got it straightened out now?I think so.
I think so.That's my girl.
Simon, I'm going to check ROK's secondary readout unit.Roger.
Can't we change course?We're computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down.
Maybe.Simon, what are you saying?!
I don't think we have any alternative, Captain.I see. What do you think our alternatives are?
I see. What do you think our alternatives are?We have to disconnect ROK's higher brain functions without disturbing his regulatory system.
Roger.You can do it from up here, Captain.
You can do it from up here, Captain.I'd rather sit down for this one, Elaine.
I'd rather sit down for this one, Elaine.No, I mean you can do it from the cockpit.
No, I mean you can do it from the cockpit.Roger. You better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit.
Intermitant failure in scan mode "R". Analyze.Negative.
Negative.That doesn't make sense. Repeat analysis.
That doesn't make sense. Repeat analysis.Negative.
Negative.That's not possible.
That's not possible.Cut the Doubting Thomas shit, Elaine. I know where I'm coming from on this.
Elaine, I'm sorry about that little outburst a moment ago.That's okay, ROK.
That's okay, ROK.Can I say something of a personal nature to you?
Can I say something of a personal nature to you?Go ahead.
Go ahead.You have great tits.
Request; comprehensive electrical systems check.Systems check positive. Look, Elaine, I...
Systems check positive. Look, Elaine, I...Request; life support systems check.
Will Scraps be able to sit with us, Dad?We'll have to check, Jimmy. It's a pretty long trip to Mercury.
I sure an glad they let Scraps ride up here with us.I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury.
I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury.Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury, Dad?
Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury, Dad?It's going to be terrific. A whole new world, new kids to play with.
How many kids get a chance to live on another planet.No more kids yelling, 'Your old man's a thieving rapist'?
Come on up, Jimmy. Say, that's some puppy. What's his name?Scraps.
Scraps.Can I hold him?
Can I hold him?Sure.
Sure.He's a boy dog.
He's a boy dog.Yeah.
Yeah.Do you like it when Scraps sleeps on his back, Jimmy?
Joey, what's more important, the kids' clothes or your sexual potency.I don't want to hear that word!
All right. Here.What...?
Joe, you don't want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people.I don't want to live anymore.
You're sure?I'm sure.
A couple eggs and juice would be nice, Mary. Over.How would you like your eggs, Captain? Over.
How would you like your eggs, Captain? Over.No. Poached. Over.
No. Poached. Over.Poached <u>and</u> over, Captain Oveur? Over.
Poached <u>and</u> over, Captain Oveur? Over.Just poached on toast. Over.
That's how I want them. Poached. Over.All right, Captain Oveur. Over.
All right, Captain Oveur. Over.Poached! Not over! Over!
Captain, the coffee machine is jammed and I don't like it.Have you tried it with a little cinnamon?
Which passenger is Joe Salucci?Sixteen 'C', why?
Sixteen 'C', why?He's carrying a bomb.
He's carrying a bomb.A b...
What should I say?Anything. Just don't let Salucci think we're onto him.
Captain Oveur?Mr. Kurtz, I presume.
Mr. Kurtz, I presume.We don't have much time. Let's move. I'll explain everything.
Good to be aboard, gentlemen.Captain Oveur, your navigator, Mr. Unger, and your first officer, Mr. Dunn.
You folks need any help?Thanks, but we have a terrific woman in on Thursdays.
Thanks, but we have a terrific woman in on Thursdays.Say, isn't that Dr. Barrington, the world- renowned agronomist?
Say, isn't that Dr. Barrington, the world- renowned agronomist?Yes.
Yes.It's a privilege to meet you, sir, I'm familiar with all your work.
Ah, yes, the Institute, I'm familiar with it.Now he's D-Y-I-N-Ging and wants to be buried on Mercury.
I have to see Bud Kruger.Do you have an appointment, sir?
Do you have an appointment, sir?No, dammit. It's a matter of life or death.
No, dammit. It's a matter of life or death.You'll have to be more specific than that, sir.
You'll have to be more specific than that, sir.All right, it's a matter of death.
All right, it's a matter of death.Death, death. How about the first Thursday in March, ten o'clock.
You can't go in there!Don't try to stop me!
Don't try to stop me!But that's not a door. The door's over there.
Are you on the Mercury mission?That's right, Striker. And we're getting married when we return.
You're seeing bugs where they don't exist, Striker.Look at this wiring. It's shorting out under high temperatures.
Look at this wiring. It's shorting out under high temperatures.You're tired, Striker, overworked. That wiring meets all the safety specifications.
You're tired, Striker, overworked. That wiring meets all the safety specifications.I know you've been subtly spreading the word that I'm having a breakdown.
Striker.Kurtz, you're drunk. Who's in command of this ship?
Kurtz, you're drunk. Who's in command of this ship?That damn computer has taken over. I'm getting out.
That damn computer has taken over. I'm getting out.Then Elaine was right.
Then Elaine was right.Don't talk to me about Elaine. Outta my way!
Don't talk to me about Elaine. Outta my way!Pull yourself together! We've got to...
Not Dr. Barrington, the world renowned agronomist?Yes. He's dying <u>a-n-d</u> wants to be buried on Mercury.
You've been hurt.I'm getting over it. If a relationship isn't working, you can't force it.
Do you want to talk about it.I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.
I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.No. I mean your relationship.
No. I mean your relationship.We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.
We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.Love's the same as it always was. It's people who change.
Love's the same as it always was. It's people who change.People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.
People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.Not if the people change together in relation to that love.
Not if the people change together in relation to that love.Sure. But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged.
No. It's hard to L-A-U-G-H when your father's dying.Well, we laughed. We laughed all the time.
I happened to be passing, and I thought you might like some corfee.That's very nice of you. Thank you.
Ah, won't you sit down?Thank you. Cream?
Thank you. Cream?No, thank you. I take it black. Like my men.
No, thank you. I take it black. Like my men.Were you vacationing in Los Angeles?
Mine's Eleanor. Eleanor Schiff.That's a lovely name. Mine's Milton...Milt Ettenhenim. But my friends call me 'Bubbles.'
Hello, I'm Paul Carey from the airline. I'm here to pick up Captain Kramer.Oh, yes. Come in, Paul. Rex will be right out.
...but after...awhile...you begin to... ...get used to it.Shep, no! He gets so excited when new people are here.
Both pilots!Can you fly this airplane and land it?
Can you fly this airplane and land it?Surely you can't be serious.
Surely you can't be serious.I <u>am</u> serious, and don't call me Shirley! What flying experience have you had?
...safe and sound and free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment.Chicago, the passengers are beginning to panic. When do we start down?
Will the hospital equipment be at the airport?Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing?
Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing?I won't deceive you, Mister Striker. We're running out of time.
I won't deceive you, Mister Striker. We're running out of time.Surely there must be something you can do.
Surely there must be something you can do.I'm doing everything I can! -- And stop calling me Shirley!
Captain, how soon can we land?I can't tell.
Can't you take a guess?Well...not for another two hours.
Well...not for another two hours.You can't take a guess for another two hours?
What was it we had for dinner tonight?Well, we had a choice. Steak or fish.
Well, we had a choice. Steak or fish.Yes, yes, I remember. I had lasagna.
What did he have?He had fish.
Let's see now. The co-pilot had fish. What did the navigator eat?He had fish, too.
Just how serious is it, doctor?Extremely serious. It starts with a slight fever.
Elaine, you're a member of this crew. Can you face some unpleasant facts?No.
Elaine!Ted!
I won't be back. I've requested the Atlanta run.Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change.
Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change.Then why don't you take the job that Louie Netz offered you at Boeing?
Ted, what are you doing here?Elaine, I've got to talk to you.
Elaine, I've got to talk to you.You...you shouldn't have come. I don't have time now.
Oh, Ted, please be careful. I worry about you so much.I love you, Elaine.
I love you, Elaine.I love you.
You got a telegram from headquarters today.Headquarters!? What is it?
I wish I could say the same for George Zipp.Be patient, Ted. No one expects you to get over this immediately.
What's his problem?That's Lieutennt Hurwitz. Severe shell shock. He thinks he's Ethel Merman.
Ted! What are you doing? You can't fly this plane!That's what I've been trying to tell these people.
Rain.And a little ice.
And a little ice.And a little ice!
Sluggish. Like a wet sponge.Sluggish. Like a wet sponge.
It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts.It's a damn good thing you don't know how much he hates your guts.
Rats! I've lost number three.What happened, Ted? What went wrong?
Ted...Yes?
Yes?I wanted you to know -- now -- I'm very proud.
I wanted you to know -- now -- I'm very proud.Tell them the gear is down and we're ready to land.
Tell them the gear is down and we're ready to land.The gear is down.
See them, Elaine?Uh-huh.
We have a visitor.Hello.
We'd better get back now.Joey can stay up here for a while if he'd like to.
Hey, we've been waiting for you. A little bit late tonight.Who wants to be first?
Airsick?I think so, but I've never seen it so acute.
I think so, but I've never seen it so acute.Find out if there's a doctor on board, as quietly as you can.
Oh, Bill, I'm going to miss you so much.You promise you'll write.
You promise you'll write.Every day.
Good-bye, darling.Oh, Bill, I'll keep it. I'll keep it with me all the time.
Oh, Bill, I'll keep it. I'll keep it with me all the time.So long, darling. Good-bye. Take care of yourself.
So long, darling. Good-bye. Take care of yourself.Bill! Bill! Good-bye, Bill.
Bill! Bill! Good-bye, Bill.Good-bye, darling.
Good-bye, darling.Good-bye, darling. I love you. I love you, darling.
Good-bye, darling. I love you. I love you, darling.Good-bye, darling.
Yes, Captain?Did you decide on a runway yet?
Did you decide on a runway yet?Runway niner. It's the longest, and directly into the wind.
He's right on the heading.All right, he's on final now! Put out all runway lights except niner.
What did you think of 'Great Expectations?'Well, it wasn't all that I had hoped.
Oh, I can't stand it.What is it?
How ya doing, honey?Oh Jack, I'm so warm. I'm burning up.
Oh Jack, I'm so warm. I'm burning up.Here.
You <u>are</u> Kareem. I've seen you play. My Dad's got season tickets!I think you should go back to your seat now, Joey. Right, Clarence?
Denver Control, this is Flight two-zero- niner intersecting Victor Airway seven- niner-niner....and that lots of times you don't even run down court.
...and that lots of times you don't even run down court.We are turning left to a heading of zero- niner-niner.
We are turning left to a heading of zero- niner-niner....and that you don't really try, except during the playoffs.
...and that you don't really try, except during the playoffs.The hell I don't! I'm out there busting my buns every night.
Hi!I'm Randy.
I'm Randy.I'm Lisa. Oh, you have a guitar!
I'm Lisa. Oh, you have a guitar!I thought maybe you'd like to hear a song.
I thought maybe you'd like to hear a song.Oh, I'd love to.
Oh, I'd love to.Okay, this is one of my favorites.
Would either of you like another cup of coffee?I will, but Jim won't.
Yes?Oh, Stewardess. My husband is very sick. Can you do something, please?
Yes, of course. We both had fish. Why?Oh, it's nothing to be alarmed about. We'll get back to you very quickly.
Sorry, Clarence. Latest weather report shows everything socked in from Salt Lake to Lincoln.Hi, Roger. Good to have you aboard. Victor, this is Roger Murdock.
Roger.Huh?
Roger.Huh?
We have clearance, Clarence.Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor?
Do you want me to check the weather, Clarence?No, why don't you take care ot it?
No, he's not bothering anyone. Let him stay up here.All right. But just remember, my name is Roger Murdock.
Excuse me, Sister?Yes?
Yes?There's a little girl on board who's ill and...
There's a little girl on board who's ill and...Oh yes, I saw. Poor child.
Fourteen-B. It's halfway down on your right.Thank you.
Do you feel all right, sir?Oh -- I haven't flown for a long time.
Excuse me, sir. Would you like some coffee before we serve dinner?No. No thank you.
Mr. Striker, the passengers are ready.Thank you, Randy. You better leave sweetheart. You might get hurt in here.
Look, I don't know where Mr. Strader might be. He comes and he goes.The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson. Maybe he knows.
The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson. Maybe he knows.Todd? Todd doesn't know either.
Not unless I got real drunk and nobody told me about it later.A virgin. I find that very arousing...
I like my horizons narrow.Your voice is saying no, but your body is saying yes.
You okay?Yeah...
You are Cassandra?That's right.
That's right.We are with the Police Department. This is Sergeant Sykes, and I am--
We are with the Police Department. This is Sergeant Sykes, and I am--Ss'ai k'ss? Perfect.
He's not here. Why ask me?The young woman at the front said you might know where he is.
The young woman at the front said you might know where he is.She did, did she? Well, she was wrong. Excuse me, I have to change.
In there.Show me.
Well, if it isn't Detective Jetson. Forget you hip waders, big guy?Lay off, asshole.
William Harcourt?Yes...
Yes...I'm Sergeant Sykes, and this is Detective Jetson, Los Angeles Police Department.
Yes, I heard about poor Warren. Tragic.You were partners with him on some Slag -- uh, Newcomer real estate thing.
Move a finger, Harcourt, and you're history...No, Sergeant -- not history... Eternity...
That cop, the human, he was the one who killed Anderson and the driver.This is becoming a serious breach of security.
This is becoming a serious breach of security.He didn't recognize me.
He didn't recognize me.It is his new partner that I'm worried about.
Kill them both.Here?
Here?Do it!
My true name is Ss'tangya T'ssorentsa'.Gesundheit. You don't mind if I stick to George, do you?
With two BRI Sabot slugs in the chest.Through the chest. Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts.
Through the chest. Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts.Nice signal, dickwad!
Yes... no, it is not unreasonable. Although I--Great. Well, I'm sure glad that's settled, aren't you?
What's this? What's going on?Nothing.
Nothing.Nothing?
Nothing?Shouldn't we examine their personal effects?
Get the picture?And that fits?
And that fits?Well... Yeah, it's rubber. It stretches.
Well... Yeah, it's rubber. It stretches.And still it fits?
I believe I should interview the widow alone.Why the hell--?! Great, fine. You talk to the wife.
Mrs. Porter is not taking her husband's death well.Did you learn anything?
Aw-right. What about the other guy?She didn't know him. But she said her son might.
She didn't know him. But she said her son might.Did you talk to him?
Rudyard Kipling? No shit? Listen, we just need a minute of your time...We'd like to ask you about a business associate of your, Warren Hubley.
Why did you do it?Why'd I do what?
Who said that?At the end of the bar.
Your name wouldn't happen to be Porter, would it?Uh, Matthew...
Uh, Matthew...Back off, George.
Back off, George.But I-- .
But I-- .I'll handle it.
Screw you.Screw me? That can't be right.
Tell me.Your mother mates out of season.
Matthew, you don't have to-- .Stay back! I'm okay.
You know that guy?From quarantine, when my people first arrived here. He and I were housed together.
From quarantine, when my people first arrived here. He and I were housed together.How could a straight-arrow like you ever pick a roommate like him?
Which one is that? Raw what?This is mole. It's good.
So what was that other word for Human... Slow ka?Ss'loka'. It means literally "small but intelligent creature". It loses much in the translation.
Ss'loka'. It means literally "small but intelligent creature". It loses much in the translation.And what was that one about my mother? That was a good one.
And what was that one about my mother? That was a good one.Ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'.
Ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'.Yeah, that's it. Say it slow.
Who is he?Todd Watson. The assistant manager.
We were chasing you because you ran, you dumb son-of-a-bitch.When will Strader return?
So, she keeps you on a pretty short leash, does she?My wife? She worries about me.
Yeah... I know the routine.You are married?
You are married?Was. Divorced.
Was. Divorced.We mate for life. Divorce... is a strange concept to us.
Your health...Ta ss'trakyona'...
There is so much our two peoples don't understand about each other.No shit, Holmes. You're only from another goddamn planet, for chrissakes.
I'm going home.Yeah, go home. Get some sleep. You do sleep, don't you?
She's going to divorce me.George, she's not gonna divorce you. You mate for life, remember?
George, she's not gonna divorce you. You mate for life, remember?She's very progressive. I'm certain she's considering it.
Well, let's roll, George.To the... to the beach?
To the... to the beach?Come on, let's go, dude. Surf's up!
Stop the car.Why?
Why?Please, I must get out here.
Please, I must get out here.Come on, you won't have to get near the water.
Come on, you won't have to get near the water.Stop the car!
What was that about?Nothing.
... It is called ss'jabroka'. To us it is a potent narcotic.How potent?
We? You've taken it?We all did.
We all did.Where did he get it? Was there any of it on the ship?
George... look me in the eye... George, you don't ever lie to me again.I must trust you, Matthew. I cannot stop this without you.
Okay, George -- we gotta play this real smart.If the drug is here, we must destroy it.
Uh, George...Where is the drug? Where have they taken it?
Shit!Ss-ai!
What's this about, George? I know that look.There! Go back. Down that side street.
No! We must do this alone.Do what?! George-- ?!
What is this?!... It's Harcourt.
... It's Harcourt.Harcourt is dead.
We can't let him get away.Why the hell are you so dead set against back-up?
But there's no more drug.You understand that. But how many others will?
How do I look?You look very good.
You said you wanted the biggest thing I could find... Well, this is it.What is it?
What is it?Casull .454 Magnum. You're talking twice the impact energy of .44 Magnum hot loads.
Casull .454 Magnum. You're talking twice the impact energy of .44 Magnum hot loads.Only holds five.
You think this is the guy who did it?We think he could'a been involved, yeah. You know him?
Try Joshua Strader, will ya, darlin'?For you, anything.
Yeah -- we met him. Wonderful boy... close personal friend of George's here.I'm sorry, Matt. Nothing here seems to be matching up...
Can you dig up their Quarantine records in this thing?Sure. Just a minute.
Ss'kya'ta'.What's that?
Yeah, I heard of it.That's all I know. You want anything more, you ask somebody else.
You know I've been over all this with Fedorchuk and Alterez this morning...Come on. You got nothin' better to do, cushy county job like yours.
You took this gut out, too, didn't you?Yeah.
You guys finished the postmortem on Strader yet?You mean the Blob? They're finishing up now.
Yeah, Sykes?Captain. I'd like to volunteer for duty with the new detective.
Departmental policy.You?
Hope their plumbing's the same.It is.
Does that look at all suspicious to you?Whatever gave you that idea?
You got your vest?Of course. Right in the trunk of the car.
Of course. Right in the trunk of the car.Yeah, that's comforting. Mine, too.
Watch the driver. I'm going for a better angle on the door.I got him. Don't get pinned.
Get outta there!I can't! Do you mind!
I can't! Do you mind!I'll cover you! Get outta there!!
Whoooah! No shit? I'm impressed.Let's go...let's go. Cycle through!
Hey, 'Top.' What's the op?Rescue mission. There's some juicy colonists' daughters we gotta rescue from virginity.
Movement!Position?
Position?Can't lock up...
Can't lock up...Talk to me, Hudson.
Talk to me, Hudson.Uh, seems to be in front and behind.
...that's better. Pan it around a bit.Awright. Fire-team A. Gear up. Let's move. Two minutes. Somebody wake up Hicks.
Okay, let's do it.Awright! I want a nice clean dispersal this time.
First squad up, on line. Hicks, get yours in a cordon. Watch the rear.Vasquez, take point. Let's move.
Flame-units only. I want rifles slung.Let's go. Pull 'em out.
Yes. That follows.But these things come from eggs...so where are all the eggs coming from.
That's it. See it? Emergency venting.How long until it blows?
I'll go.What?
It's going to be closer. You better get going.See you soon.
HOW MUCH TIME?PLENTY! TWENTY-SIX MINUTES!
PLENTY! TWENTY-SIX MINUTES!WE'RE NOT LEAVING!
Ripley...She's alive. They brought her here and you know it.
You did okay, Bishop.Well, thanks, I --
Have they located my daughter yet?Well, I was going to wait until after the inquest...
I get the picture.Just tell them what happened. The important thing is to stay cool and unemotional.
No. There's no way!Hear me out...
Yeah, yeah. I saw the commercial.I heard you were working in the cargo docks.
I heard you were working in the cargo docks.That's right.
That's right.Running loaders, forklifts, that sort of thing?
They're right under the primary heat exchangers.Yeah? Maybe the organisms like the heat, that's why they built...
Now hold on a second. I'm not authorizing that action.Why not?
You son of a bitch.Don't make me pull rank, Ripley.
Don't make me pull rank, Ripley.What rank? I believe Corporal Hicks has authority here.
What rank? I believe Corporal Hicks has authority here.Corporal Hicks!?
I expected more of you, Ripley. I thought you would be smarter than this.Sorry to disappoint you.
Still nothing from the colony?Dead on all channels.
Looks like you company can write off its share of this colony.It's insured.
What's he scanning for?PDT'S. Personal-Data Transmitters. Every adult colonist had one surgically implanted.
We're talking thermonuclear explosion.Shit. Apone, collect magazines from everybody. We can't have any firing in there.
How may drops is this for you, Lieutenant?Thirty-eight...simulated.
Hold at forty. Slow circle of the complex.The structure seems intact. They have power.
One of us?Apone...where are your people? Anybody in D-Block?
Where are your parents? You have to try...Gorman! Give it a rest would you.
What is it?I don't know.
I don't know.Proceed inside.
So.So...then the fusion containment shuts down.
So...then the fusion containment shuts down.So? So?
GET THEM OUT OF THERE! DO IT NOW!Shut up. Just shut up!
I told them to fall back...They're but off! Do something!
How do you feel?All right, I guess. One hell of a hangover. Look, Ripley... I...
All right, I guess. One hell of a hangover. Look, Ripley... I...Forget it.
Sir?Yes, Hicks?
Yes, Hicks?Hudson, Sir. He's Hicks.
Hudson, Sir. He's Hicks.What's the question?
What's the question?Is this going to be a stand-up fight, Sir, on another bug-hunt?
Are there any questions? Hudson?How do I get out of this chicken-shit outfit?
...We're coming in.He's coming in. I feel safer already.
Sir, the CPU is on-line.Okay, stand by in operations. Let's go.
Hah! Stop your grinnin' and drop your linen! Found 'em.Alive?
We're not making that out too well. What is it?You tell me. I only work here.
Save it.Sure, Hicks.
Let's get the fuck out of here!Not that tunnel, the other one!
We got problems.I don't fucking believe this. Do you believe this?
The corner! Ready?Do it!
Seventeen meters.Let's get these things lit.
Well you're not reading it right!Six meters. Five. What the fu --
Let's go! Let's go!Fuckin' A!
How long after we're declared overdue can we expect a rescue?About seventeen days.
They're in the approach corridor.On my way.
Now many?Can't tell. Lots. D gun's down to twenty. Ten. It's out.
They'll get us.Maybe. Maybe not.
What's this?Well, that's the grenade launcher ...you probably don't want to mess with that.
Well, that's the grenade launcher ...you probably don't want to mess with that.Look, you started this. Now show me everything. I can handle myself.
Look, you started this. Now show me everything. I can handle myself.Yeah. I've noticed.
It's game time.Get back here, both of you. Fall back to Operations.
Locked.Stand back.
No! No! She's alive! We have to --All right! She's alive. I believe it. But we gotta get moving! Now!
Hicks, don't let him leave.We ain't going anywhere.
Ellen.Don't be long, Ellen.
Hey, Vasquez...you ever been mistaken for a man?No. Have you?
Somebody said alien...she thought they said illegal alien and signed up.Fuck you.
Fuck you.Anytime. Anywhere.
It's inside the complex.You're just reading me.
You're just reading me.No. No! It ain't you. They're inside. Inside the perimeter. They're in here.
Looks like it stung him.Hey...hey! Look, Crowe and Dietrich aren't dead, man.
You can't help them. Right now they're being cocooned just like the others.Oh, God. Jesus. This ain't happening.
This service tunnel is how they're moving back and forth.Yeah, right, it runs from the processing station right into the sublevel here.
Thanks.Uh, what's next?
How? The transmitter was on the APC. It's wasted.I don't care how! Think of a way. Think of something.
I don't care how! Think of a way. Think of something.Think of what? We're fucked.
This signal's weird...must be some interference or something. There's movement all over the place...Just get back here!
Range twenty meters.Seal the door.
Twelve meters. Man, this is a big fucking signal. Ten meters.They're right on us. Vasquez, how you doing?
Nine meters. Eight.Can't be. That's inside the room!
Can't be. That's inside the room!It's readin' right. Look!
So what do I tell this guy?Tell him, as far as I'm concerned, he finds something it's his.
And how are we today?Terrible.
Terrible.Just terrible? That's better than yesterday at least.
Just terrible? That's better than yesterday at least.How long have I been on Gateway station?
How long have I been on Gateway station?Just a couple of days. Do you feel up to a visitor?
Bad dreams again? Do you want something to help you sleep?No.. I've slept enough.
What did you say?Newt. My n-name's Newt. Nobody calls me Rebecca except my dork brother.
Casey. She's my only friend.What about me?
I don't want you for a friend.Why not?
They'd be here if they could, honey. I know they would.They're dead.
They're dead.Newt. Look at me...Newt. I won't leave you. I promise.
Newt. Look at me...Newt. I won't leave you. I promise.You promise?
You promise?Cross my heart.
Cross my heart.And hope to die?
I was the best at the game. I knew the whole maze.The 'maze'? You mean the air ducts?
I guess we're not leaving, right?I'm sorry, Newt.
I'm sorry, Newt.You don't have to be sorry. It wasn't your fault.
Now you just lie here and have a nap. You're exhausted.I don't want to...I have scary dreams.
Ripley...she doesn't have bad dreams because she's just a piece of plastic.Oh. Sorry, Newt.
Oh. Sorry, Newt.My mommy always said there were no monsters. No real ones. But there are.
Yes, there are, aren't there.Why do they tell little kids that?
Well, some kids can't handle it like you can.Did one of those things grow inside her?
I don't know, Newt. That's the truth.Isn't that how babies come? I mean people babies...they grow inside you?
Isn't that how babies come? I mean people babies...they grow inside you?No, it's different, honey.
No, it's different, honey.Did you ever have a baby?
Did you ever have a baby?Yes. A little girl.
Yes. A little girl.Where is she?
Where is she?Gone.
Gone.You mean dead.
Newt. Newt, wake up.Wah...? Where are...?
Wah...? Where are...?Sssh. Don't move. We're in trouble.
Mommy...I mean, Ripley...I'm scared.I know, honey. Me too.
Burke! Open the door!Look!
Come on. Crawl faster.DO you know how to get to the landing field from here?
DO you know how to get to the landing field from here?Sure. Go left.
This way. Come on, we're almost there!Newt, wait!
I knew you'd come.Newt, I want you to hang on, now. Hang on tight.
Mommy...Mommy?Right here, baby. Right here.
Are we going to sleep now?That's right.
That's right.Can we dream?
Can we dream?Yes, honey. I think we both can.
How many colonists?Sixty, maybe seventy families.
Sixty, maybe seventy families.Sweet Jesus.
Follow me, please. The Archbishop would like a word.Certainly!
Well, I think that went off remarkably well, don't you?Indeed.
Indeed.These Viennese certainly know good music when they hear it.
These Viennese certainly know good music when they hear it.His Grace is very angry with you.
His Grace is very angry with you.What do you mean?
Maestro.Good morning.
Really? What else did he tell you today? Give me some gossip.Well, I heard you met Herr Mozart.
Well, I heard you met Herr Mozart.Oh? News travels fast in Vienna.
Oh? News travels fast in Vienna.And he's been commissioned to write an opera. Is it true?
And he's been commissioned to write an opera. Is it true?Yes.
Yes.Is there a part for me?
Is there a part for me?No.
No.How do you know?
Why not?Well, do you know where it's set, my dear?
Well, do you know where it's set, my dear?Where?
Where?In a harem.
In a harem.What's that?
What's that?A brothel.
A brothel.Oh!
Oh!A Turkish brothel.
A Turkish brothel.Turkish? Oh, if it's Turkish, that's different. I want to be in it.
Oh. Well perhaps you could introduce us anyway.Perhaps.
What does he look like?You might be disappointed.
You might be disappointed.Why?
Why?Looks and talent don't always go together, Katherina.
Looks and talent don't always go together, Katherina.Looks don't concern me, Maestro. Only talent interests a woman of taste.
Did you know? Had you heard?What?
What?The marriage!
The marriage!Well, what does it matter to you?
Well, what does it matter to you?Nothing! He can marry who he pleases. I don't give a damn.
How was I? Tell me honestly.You were sublime.
You were sublime.What did you think of the music?
What did you think of the music?Extremely clever.
Extremely clever.Meaning you didn't like it.
Don't bother!What?
What?Don't bother.
Don't bother.I'll be right back.
Oh - excuse me!Is her mother still lying on the floor?
Is her mother still lying on the floor?No, she's fine.
No, she's fine.I'm so relieved.
Is she a good fuck?What??
Sir -Your son is an unprincipled, spoiled, conceited brat.
You have leave to try.Oh, Your Grace - I thank Your Grace! I thank you!
Don Giovannnnnnnni!Who the devil are you? What do you want?
Who the devil are you? What do you want?I've come to dinnnnnner!
What is it?I want to go!
I want to go!Where?
Where?I want to go back to Vienna.
I want to go back to Vienna.Now?
Now?Yes!
Yes!Why?
Why?I feel wrong. I feel wrong being here.
I feel wrong. I feel wrong being here.What are you talking about?
No! No! No!Yes! Back! Back! Listen - don't you know where you are?
Yes! Back! Back! Listen - don't you know where you are?Where?
Where?We are in the Residence of the Fartsbishop of Salzburg.
We are in the Residence of the Fartsbishop of Salzburg.Fartsbishop!
Go ahead, tell him. Tell them all. They won't understand you anyway.Why not?
That's stupid.Why? People fart backwards.
Why? People fart backwards.Do you think that's funny?
Do you think that's funny?Yes, I think it's brilliant. You've been doing it for years.
Oh, ha, ha, ha.Sra-I'm-sick! Sra-I'm sick!
Sra-I'm-sick! Sra-I'm sick!Yes, you are. You're very sick.
Yes, you are. You're very sick.No, no. Say it backwards, shit-wit. Sra-I'm-sick Say it backwards!
No, no. Say it backwards, shit-wit. Sra-I'm-sick Say it backwards!Sra-I'm-sick. Sick - kiss I'm - my Kiss my! Sra-I'm-sick - Kiss my arse!
Sra-I'm-sick. Sick - kiss I'm - my Kiss my! Sra-I'm-sick - Kiss my arse!Em iram! Em iram!
Em iram! Em iram!No, I'm not playing this game.
No, I'm not playing this game.No, this is serious. Say it backwards.
No, this is serious. Say it backwards.No!
No!Just say it - you'll see. It's very serious. Em iram! Em iram!
Tish-I'm tee. What's that?What?
What?Tish-I'm-tee.
Tish-I'm-tee.Eat
EatYes.
Yes.Eat my - ah!
Excuse me, Wolfi. Mama is not feeling very well. Can we leave now?Of course.
I think you're mad! You're really mad!Oh, leave me alone.
They'll come anyway. They love me here.No, they will not. I know how things work in this city.
No, they will not. I know how things work in this city.Oh yes? You always know everything.
Oh yes? You always know everything.Well, I'm not borrowing any more money from my mother, and that's that!
Well, I'm not borrowing any more money from my mother, and that's that!You borrowed money from your mother?
You borrowed money from your mother?Yes!
Yes!Well, don't do that again!
Don't be stupid.All they want to see is your work. What's wrong with that?
All they want to see is your work. What's wrong with that?Shut up! Just shut up! I don't need them.
Shut up! Just shut up! I don't need them.This isn't pride. It's sheer stupidity!
Tell them to go away. I don't want to see anybody.What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with you?Tell them to go!
Tell them to go!Sssh. What is it? Tell me.
Sssh. What is it? Tell me.No!
No!Yes!
Yes!I love you! I love you!
Stop it, Wolfi. I look dreadful. Welcome to our house, Herr Mozart.He's not Herr Mozart. Call him Papa.
Wolfi!What? How can you be so boring? Tea!
What? How can you be so boring? Tea!Wolfi, I think your father's tired. I'll cook us something here.
There's a young girl to see you.What does she want?
What does she want?I don't know.
I don't know.Well, ask her!
Well, ask her!She won't talk to me. She says she has to speak to you.
She won't talk to me. She says she has to speak to you.Oh, damn!
Wolfi.Yes, my love?
Yes, my love?These gentlemen are from Salzburg.
Wolfi! Your father is dead.What?
What?Your father is dead.
Half the receipts! Stanzi!I'm talking about now. How much will you give him now? Down payment?
You're not going to do this?Why not? Half the house!
Why not? Half the house!When? We need money now. Either he pays now, or you don't do it.
When? We need money now. Either he pays now, or you don't do it.Oh, Stanzi.
Who was that?No one.
No one.I heard voices.
I'm not telling you.Why not?
Why not?You'd think I was mad.
No. Don't answer it!Why?
Oh yes, sir. He's all right. And he's working on it very hard.Give me two more weeks. Please.
Give me one reason I can understand.I can't write it!
I can't write it!Why not?
Why not?It's killing me.
Excellency!Madame. How can I help you?
How charming. But why did he not come himself?He's terribly busy, sir.
He's terribly busy, sir.I understand.
Then he didn't send you?No, sir. This is my own idea.
No, sir. This is my own idea.I see.
Originals?Yes.
These are originals?Yes, sir. He doesn't make copies.
It is miraculous.Oh yes. He's really proud of his work.
Come back tonight.Tonight?
Tonight?Alone.
Alone.What for?
What for?Some service deserves service in return. No?
Some service deserves service in return. No?What do you mean?
What do you mean?Isn't it obvious?
But! I'm a married woman!Then don't. It's up to you. Not to be vague, that is the price.
What are you doing here?Your husband is ill, ma'am. He took sick. I brought him home.
Your husband is ill, ma'am. He took sick. I brought him home.Why you?
Why you?I was at hand.
I was at hand.Well, thank you very much. You can go now.
Well, thank you very much. You can go now.He needs me, ma'am.
He needs me, ma'am.No, he doesn't. And I don't want you here. Just go, please.
No, he doesn't. And I don't want you here. Just go, please.He asked me to stay.
He asked me to stay.And I'm asking you -
This is not his handwriting.No. I was assisting him. He asked me.
No. I was assisting him. He asked me.He's not going to work on this anymore. It is making him ill. Please.
Am I interrupting something?Not at all.
Not at all.Where's our friend?
Where's our friend?He's not in. But he's working on it. He said to tell you.
He's not in. But he's working on it. He said to tell you.I hope so. I need it immediately.
Leave him alone!I'm paying these people. Do you realize that?
I'm paying these people. Do you realize that?He's doing his best.
He's doing his best.I'm paying people just to wait for you. It's ridiculous!
Oh yes? And what's so intelligent about writing a Requiem?Money! Money!
Money! Money!You're mad! She's mad, Wolfi.
I see that you're expecting.Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.When, may I ask?
When, may I ask?In three months! Papa.
Oh, now I'm a bad housekeeper!So you are! The place is a pigsty all the time.
So you are! The place is a pigsty all the time.Do you hear him? Do you?
Be careful!Be careful!
He's adorable!Adorable!
Behold!Behold!
Hey!Hey!
Behold!Behold!
Let us pass, please! Let us pass at once! We're with the Emperor.I am sorry, Madame. It is not permitted.
I am sorry, Madame, but I have my orders.Call Herr Mozart! You call Herr Mozart immediately! This is insupportable!
I am sorry, Madame, but no! I cannot let anyone pass.Young man, I am no stranger to theatres. I'm no stranger to insolence!
Upstairs.Gertrude!
Gertrude!You can't be Herr Mozart!
I've heard about you for ages! I thought you must be an old man.Gertrude!
I said play!Michael!
What a strange young man.Yes. He is a little strange.
Really?Ah, now! Here she comes.
Perhaps a little refreshment first? A little coffee, or a little chocolate?I'd like a little wine, if you have it.
I'd like a little wine, if you have it.Wine?
Just one year.Who was your teacher?
Who was your teacher?I was. But she quite outgrew the little I could show her.
I was. But she quite outgrew the little I could show her.Thank you, Madame. Come on now - courage. Play me something you know.
What a charming idea. May I see?It's just a trifle, of course.
It's just a trifle, of course.May I try it?
May I try it?Majesty.
Delightful, Court Composer. Would you permit me to play it as he comes in?You do me too much honour, Sire.
A-flat, Majesty.Ah-ha!
And here is our illustrious Court Composer, Herr Salieri.Finally! Such an immense joy. Diletto straordinario!
Good morning, Court Composer. This is my niece, the Princess Elizabeth.Your Highness.
Oh, Your Majesty, it would be such a tremendous honour!I'm thinking about Herr Mozart. What is your view?
An interesting idea, Majesty. But -Yes?
Yes?You already commissioned an opera from Mozart.
You already commissioned an opera from Mozart.And the result satisfies.
And the result satisfies.Yes, of course. My concern is to protect you from any suspicion of favouritism.
Yes, of course. My concern is to protect you from any suspicion of favouritism.Ah-ha. Favouritism. But I so want Mozart.
You please me, Court Composer. A very clever idea.Sire.
Sire.Well. There it is.
Majesty, I don't like to talk against a fellow musician.Of course not.
Yes?Molested, Majesty. Twice, in the course of the same lesson.
Oh, thank you.The Director of our Opera. Count Orsini-Rosenberg.
The Director of our Opera. Count Orsini-Rosenberg.Oh sir, yes! The honour is mine. Absolutely.
Majesty!Did we vote in the end for German or Italian?
Why so?Because I've already found the most wonderful libretto!
Yes, where?In a Pasha's Harem, Majesty. A Seraglio.
In a Pasha's Harem, Majesty. A Seraglio.Ah-ha.
Keep it, Sire, if you want to. It is already here in my head.What? On one hearing only?
What? On one hearing only?I think so, Sire, yes.
It is new, it is, isn't it, Sire?Yes, indeed.
Yes, indeed.And German?
And German?Oh, yes. Absolutely. German. Unquestionably!
Oh, yes. Absolutely. German. Unquestionably!So then you like it? You really like it, Your Majesty?
Majesty, this is Madame Weber. She is my landlady.Enchanted, Madame.
Excuse me, but how old are you?Twenty-six.
Bravo, Mozart. Most charming. Yes, indeed. Clever man.Thank you, Sire!
Majesty, may I ask you to do me the greatest favour?What is it?
Yes, Sire.Yet we hear you are making an opera from it. Is this true?
Yet we hear you are making an opera from it. Is this true?Who told you this, Majesty?
Who told you this, Majesty?It is not your place to ask questions. Is it true?
It is not your place to ask questions. Is it true?Well, yes, I admit it is.
Well, yes, I admit it is.Would you tell me why?
Would you tell me why?Well, Majesty, it is only a comedy.
But, Majesty, this is just a frolic. It's a piece about love.Ah, love again.
Well, six or seven minutes! maybe eight!Twenty, sire! How about twenty? Twenty minutes of continuous music. No recitatives.
Yes, sir.Well. There it is.
Well, what do you have for me today?Your Majesty, Herr Mozart -
Your Majesty, Herr Mozart -Yes, what about him?
Yes, what about him?He's here.
He's here.Ah-ha. Well. There it is. Good.
Why are you here?Am I not welcome?
Am I not welcome?Of course, welcome! Welcome ten thousand times. Papa! my Papa!
Is she not here?I don't know. Stanzi? Stanzi!
How is your financial situation?It couldn't be better.
It couldn't be better.That's not what I hear.
They say you're in debt.Who? Who says that? Now that's a malicious lie!
Who? Who says that? Now that's a malicious lie!How many pupils do you have?
How many pupils do you have?Pupils?
Pupils?Yes.
Yes.Yes.
Yes.How many?
Composition doesn't pay. You know that.This one will.
What's that?Oh, let's not talk about it.
Oh, let's not talk about it.Why not?
Why not?It's a secret.
It's a secret.You don't have secrets from me.
You don't have secrets from me.It's too dangerous, Papa. But they're going to love it. Ah, there she is!
Isn't that marvelous? We're delighted.Why didn't you mention it in your letters?
Why didn't you mention it in your letters?Didn't I? I thought I did. I'm sure I did.
No, really!This is just a game, Papa.
Yes, Papa, name it. Name it. I'll do anything you say!I want you to come back with me to Salzburg, my son.
I'm tired of this game. Please play without me.But my penalty. I've got to have a penalty.
Papa, is this your idea?Mine?
Are you playing a trick on me?I never saw this girl in my life. Is this a kind of joke?
Never mind. You won't have to do anything for me ever again. I'm leaving!Papa!
Papa!Don't worry, I'm not staying here to be a burden.
Don't worry, I'm not staying here to be a burden.No one calls you that.
No one calls you that.She does. She says I sleep all day.
Ah! Here she comes. Fraulein Lorl, good morning.Good morning, sir.
Good morning, sir.What have you got for me today? Let me see.
Ah-ha! Siena macaroons - my favourites. Give my best thanks to the baker.I will, sir.
Thank you. Are you well today, Fraulein Lorl?Yes, thank you, sir.
Yes, thank you, sir.Bene! Bene!
Madame Cavalieri is here for her lesson, sir.Bene.
Oh, thank you, sir.Do any pupils come to the house?
Do any pupils come to the house?Not that I've seen.
Not that I've seen.Then how does he pay for all this? Does he work at all?
Really? What is it he's writing?Oh, I wouldn't know that, sir.
I think I've found out about the money, sir.Yes what?
Where does he work?In there, sir.
Now calm yourself. Calm. What's the matter with you?I'm leaving. I'm not working there anymore. I'm scared!
I'm leaving. I'm not working there anymore. I'm scared!Why? What has happened?
What medicine?I don't know. He has pains.
I don't know. He has pains.Where?
Where?Here, in his stomach. They bend him right over.
Here, in his stomach. They bend him right over.Is he working?
Is he working?I suppose so. He sits there all he time, doing some silly opera.
I suppose so. He sits there all he time, doing some silly opera.Opera? Opera!
Opera? Opera!Please don't ask me to go back again. I'm frightened! I'm very, very frightened.
Please don't ask me to go back again. I'm frightened! I'm very, very frightened.Are you sure it's an opera?
Yes?Are you Herr Mozart?
Are you Herr Mozart?That's right.
Sssh!Stanzi-Manzi-Banzi-Wanzi!
Stanzi-Manzi-Banzi-Wanzi!Sssh! Stay here.
Well?Sublime! Utterly sublime!
Sublime! Utterly sublime!That kind of music should be punishable by death.
Wonderful! He liked the monkey, didn't you?Yes, well, it's all good fun.
Yes, well, it's all good fun.I liked the horse.
German!Of course! What else do you think they speak here?
Leave that alone!Wolfi!
Wolfi!Put it down!
Put it down!What is this?
What is this?Put it down, I said! It's nothing for you.
Put it down, I said! It's nothing for you.Oh! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! What have you got for me? Is it finished?
Oh! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! What have you got for me? Is it finished?What?
What?What? The vaudeville, what'd you think?
What? The vaudeville, what'd you think?Yes.
Yes.Can I see it?
Can I see it?No.
No.Why not?
Why not?Because there's nothing to see.
Well, we can.So let me see it. Where is it?
You won't be teaching this one either. She's my wife.Madame.
I'm afraid I am.Of course, it's him. Who do you think it is?
Good morning, Fraulein Schlumberg.Strudel, this is Herr Mozart. Say good morning.
Herr Mozart. What a surprise. What can I do for you?Is my pupil still anxious to learn the art of music?
Is my pupil still anxious to learn the art of music?Well, your pupil is married and living in Mannheim, young man.
Well, your pupil is married and living in Mannheim, young man.Really? Perhaps your dear wife might care to profit from my instruction?
Really? Perhaps your dear wife might care to profit from my instruction?What is this, Mozart? What's the matter with you?
What for?If a man cannot earn, he must borrow.
If a man cannot earn, he must borrow.Well, this is hardly the way to go about it.
I'm sorry. No.Please. I'll give it back, I promise. Please, sir.
Please. I'll give it back, I promise. Please, sir.My answer is no, Mozart.
Really?Mio caro Adone.
Mio caro Adone.Ah!
Ah!A funny little tune, but it yielded some good things.
Love, Sire!Ah, love! Well of course in Italy we know nothing about that.
Yes! yes! er, on the whole, yes, Majesty.But this is absurd!
Dear Mozart, my sincere congratulations.Did you like it, then?
Did you like it, then?How could I not?
I'm flattered. And congratulations to you, of course.So you see, this post is very important to me right now.
Whom did they choose?Herr Sommer.
Herr Sommer.Sommer? Herr Sommer? But the man's a fool! He's a total mediocrity.
Sommer? Herr Sommer? But the man's a fool! He's a total mediocrity.No, no, no: he has yet to achieve mediocrity.
Look, I must have pupils. Without pupils I can't manage.You don't mean to tell me you are living in poverty?
You don't mean to tell me you are living in poverty?No, but I'm broke. I'm always broke. I don't know why.
Of course not.Do you have a daughter?
Do you have a daughter?I'm afraid not.
Ah, how exciting! Tell me more.I'd better not. It's a bit of a secret.
I'd better not. It's a bit of a secret.Come, come, Mozart; I'm interested. Truly.
Come, come, Mozart; I'm interested. Truly.Actually, it's a big secret. Oh, this is delicious! What is it?
Actually, it's a big secret. Oh, this is delicious! What is it?Cream cheese mixed with granulated sugar and suffused with rum. Crema al Mascarpone.
Cream cheese mixed with granulated sugar and suffused with rum. Crema al Mascarpone.Ah. Italian?
Ah. Italian?Forgive me. We all have patriotic feelings of some kind.
Forgive me. We all have patriotic feelings of some kind.Two thousand, two hundred florins is all I need A hundred? Fifty?
Two thousand, two hundred florins is all I need A hundred? Fifty?What exactly are you working on?
What exactly are you working on?I can't say. Really
You burned the score?Oh no! My wife took it out in time.
Oh no! My wife took it out in time.How fortunate.
How fortunate.It's not fair that a man like that has power over our work.
Oh, Excellency, would you?With all my heart, Mozart.
With all my heart, Mozart.Thank you! Oh, thank you.
What did you think of it yourself? Did you like it at all?I think it's marvelous. Truly.
I think it's marvelous. Truly.It's the best opera yet written. I know it! Why didn't they come?
Oh no, the honour would be all mine.Grazie, mio caro, Wolfgang!
Grazie, mio caro, Wolfgang!Grazie, a lei, Signor Antonio!
Mozart. It was good of you to come.How could I not?
How could I not?Did my work please you?
Did my work please you?How could it not, Excellency?
How could it not, Excellency?Yes?
Yes?I never knew that music like that was possible.
I never knew that music like that was possible.You flatter me.
You flatter me.Oh no! One hears such sounds and what can one say, but - Salieri!
I have come to commission work from you.What work?
What work?A Mass for the dead.
A Mass for the dead.What dead? Who is dead?
What dead? Who is dead?A man who deserved a Requiem Mass and never got one.
A man who deserved a Requiem Mass and never got one.Who are you?
Who are you?I am only a messenger. Do you accept? You will be paid well.
I am only a messenger. Do you accept? You will be paid well.How much?
What happened? Is it over?I'm taking you home. You're not well.
I'm taking you home. You're not well.No, no. I have to get back. I have -
Where is your wife?Not here! She's not well, either. She went to the Spa.
Not here! She's not well, either. She went to the Spa.You mean she's not coming back?
You mean she's not coming back?You're so good to me. Truly. Thank you.
You're so good to me. Truly. Thank you.No, please.
No, please.I mean to come to my opera. You are the only colleague who did.
I would never miss anything that you had written. You must know that.This is only a vaudeville.
Do you mean that?I do.
Are you ill?The doctor thinks I am. But -
The doctor thinks I am. But -What?
What?I'm too young to be so sick.
Shall I answer it?No! No, it's him!
No! No, it's him!Who?
Who?The man. He's here.
The man. He's here.What man?
Finish what?He knows. He knows!
Another? But that's too soon! Tomorrow night? It's impossible! Did he say a hundred?Yes. Can I - could I help you, in any way?
Yes. Can I - could I help you, in any way?Would you? Actually, you could.
Would you? Actually, you could.My dear friend, it would be my greatest pleasure.
My dear friend, it would be my greatest pleasure.But you'd have to swear not to tell a soul. I'm not allowed.
But you'd have to swear not to tell a soul. I'm not allowed.Of course.
Where did I stop?The end of the Recordare - Statuens in parte dextra.
Consigned to flames of woe.Do you believe in it?
Do you believe in it?What?
What?A fire which never dies. Burning one forever?
A fire which never dies. Burning one forever?Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.Strange!
Strange!Come. Let's begin.
Confutatis Maledictis.We ended in F Major?
We ended in F Major?Yes.
Yes.So now - A minor. Suddenly.
The Fire.What time?
What time?Common time.
I think so.Sing it back.
Yes.Fourth measure, second beat - F. Flam-mis a-cri-bus ad-dic-tis, flam- mis a-cri-bus ad-dic-tis.
It couldn't be simpler.First bassoon and tenor trombone - what?
First bassoon and tenor trombone - what?With the tenors.
With the tenors.Also identical?
Also identical?Exactly. The instruments to go with the voices. Trumpets and timpani, tonic and dominant.
Do you have me?I think so.
I think so.Show me.
Sopranos up to F on the second 'Voca'?Yes, and on 'dictis'.
Yes, and on 'dictis'.Yes!
And that's it. Do you have it?You go fast!
You go fast!Do you have it?
Do you have it?Yes.
Do you want to rest a bit?Oh no. I'm not tired at all.
Oh no. I'm not tired at all.We'll stop for just a moment. Then we'll do the Lacrimosa.
We'll stop for just a moment. Then we'll do the Lacrimosa.I can keep going, I assure you. Shall we try?
I can keep going, I assure you. Shall we try?Would you stay with me while I sleep a little?
Would you stay with me while I sleep a little?I'm not leaving you.
I'm not leaving you.I am so ashamed.
I am so ashamed.What for?
You mean in Turkey?Exactly.
Exactly.Then why especially does it have to be in German?
That will do, Herr Mozart!Just let me tell you how it begins.
Mozart! Herr Mozart, may I have a word with you please. Right away.Certainly, Herr Director.
Did you not know that His Majesty has expressly forbidden ballet in his operas?Yes, but this is not a ballet. This is a dance at Figaro's wedding.
Yes, but this is not a ballet. This is a dance at Figaro's wedding.Exactly. A dance.
What are you doing, Herr Director?Taking out what you should never have put in.
Can we see the scene with the music back, please?Oh yes, certainly. Certainly, Herr Director!
What is this, Herr Chamberlain?What is what?
Because His Majesty wishes it.Is the Emperor angry with me?
Is the Emperor angry with me?On the contrary.
On the contrary.Then why doesn't he simply appoint me to the post?
Then why doesn't he simply appoint me to the post?Mozart, you are not the only composer in Vienna.
Mozart, you are not the only composer in Vienna.No, but I'm the best.
No, but I'm the best.A little modesty would suit you better.
A little modesty would suit you better.Who is on this committee?
Who is on this committee?Kapellmeister Bonno, Count Orsini- Rosenberg and Court Composer Salieri.
Kapellmeister Bonno, Count Orsini- Rosenberg and Court Composer Salieri.Naturally, the Italians! Of course! Always the Italians!
Naturally, the Italians! Of course! Always the Italians!Mozart -
Herr Mozart -May I just do that, Majesty? Show you how it begins? Just that?
I don't think it was really decided, Director.Oh, German! German! Please let it be German.
Well done, Mozart. Really quite fine.Baron!
About what?You tried to take your life. You do remember that, don't you?
You tried to take your life. You do remember that, don't you?So?
So?In the sight of God that is a sin.
In the sight of God that is a sin.What do you want?
What do you want?Do you understand that you have sinned? Gravely.
Do you understand that you have sinned? Gravely.Leave me alone.
Leave me alone.I cannot leave alone a soul in pain.
I cannot leave alone a soul in pain.Do you know who I am? You never heard of me, did you?
Do you know who I am? You never heard of me, did you?That makes no difference. All men are equal in God's eyes.
That makes no difference. All men are equal in God's eyes.Are they?
Are they?Offer me your confession. I can offer you God's forgiveness.
Offer me your confession. I can offer you God's forgiveness.I do not seek forgiveness.
How well are you trained in music?I know a little. I studied it in my youth.
I know a little. I studied it in my youth.Where?
Where?Here in Vienna.
Here in Vienna.Then you must know this.
Well?I regret it is not too familiar.
Oh, I know that! That's charming! I didn't know you wrote that.I didn't. That was Mozart. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. You know who that is?
I didn't. That was Mozart. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. You know who that is?Of course. The man you accuse yourself of killing.
Of course. The man you accuse yourself of killing.Ah - you've heard that?
Ah - you've heard that?All Vienna has heard that.
All Vienna has heard that.And do they believe it?
And do they believe it?Is it true?
Is it true?Do you believe it?
Do you believe it?Should I?
Do you hear me?He was murdered, Father! Mozart! Cruelly murdered.
Did you try?Every day. Sometimes for hours I would pray!
You cannot say that!No? Was Mozart a good man?
My son, no one can speak for God.Oh? I thought you did so every day. So speak now. Answer me!
Oh? I thought you did so every day. So speak now. Answer me!I do not claim to unravel the mysteries. I treasure them. As you should.
I did.No, you didn't!
No, you didn't!I poisoned his life.
I poisoned his life.But not his body.
But not his body.What difference does that make?
I've just learned something that might be of interest to you, Herr Director.Yes?
Yes?Mozart is writing a new opera. An Italian opera.
Mozart is writing a new opera. An Italian opera.Italian?
You mean that play?Exactly.
Exactly.He's setting that play to music?
He's setting that play to music?Yes.
Yes.You must be mad.
Are you absolutely sure?I've seen the manuscript.
I've seen the manuscript.Where?
Where?Never mind.
Well, Mozart is already rehearsing.Incredible.
Incredible.The Emperor has given him permission.
What anger?About the ballet.
About the ballet.Ballet? What ballet?
Ballet? What ballet?Excuse me - didn't His Majesty specifically forbid ballet in his opera?
Excuse me - didn't His Majesty specifically forbid ballet in his opera?Yes, absolutely. Is there a ballet in Figaro?
Yes, absolutely. Is there a ballet in Figaro?Yes, in the third act.
Bravo, Your Majesty!Well done, Sire!
Well, actually, Sire, if you remember, we did finally incline to Italian.Did we?
For the same reason, Herr Chamberlain, that it was banned in France.Oh yes, yes. And that was?
WOMAN Here I am, my angel.What? Who the devil are you?
What? Who the devil are you?WOMAN I've taken pity on you, my angel. I heard your wish.
WOMAN I've taken pity on you, my angel. I heard your wish.Oh. Well, thank you! How wonderful. Some people get all the luck.
I can't wait.WOMAN Well, promise then.
WOMAN Well, promise then.What do you mean - now?
What do you mean - now?WOMAN Of course now. Right away, before I get any older.
Excuse me, sir, there is a lady who insists on talking to you.Who is she?
Who is she?She didn't say. But she says it's urgent.
She didn't say. But she says it's urgent.Excuse me, my dear.
That lady is back, sir.Show her in. Then go to bed.
Herr Salieri.Yes, I am looking after him.
Yes, I am looking after him.Can we come in?
Can we come in?Well, he's sleeping now. Better not.
Well, he's sleeping now. Better not.But he's all right?
Well, tell him we were here, won't you?Of course.
Bene.I'll call tomorrow.
I'll call tomorrow.Yes. And congratulations to all of you. It was superb.
Has the patient in twenty-one gotten his tray yet?The American? Yes, duck.
The American? Yes, duck.How did he look?
How did he look?What do you mean, 'how did he look'?
What do you mean, 'how did he look'?You know, did he seem depressed? Do you think he'll eat the food?
Dr. Hirsch, Mr. Kessler cried out a minute ago.Miss Gallagher, surely you must perform some function here at the hospital.
Can I be of service, Miss Price?Dr. Hirsch?
Dr. Hirsch?Go about your duties.
Go about your duties.Yes, Doctor.
Oh, Miss Price?Yes, Doctor?
Yes, Doctor?What exactly did he call out?
What exactly did he call out?He said 'Jack'.
He said 'Jack'.That would be Jack Goodman, the boy who was killed.
That would be Jack Goodman, the boy who was killed.What happened to them?
Did he say a wolf?Yes, I believe he did.
It's all right, Susan. Yes, Doctor, I have.Come to my office, Miss Price.
Yes, sir.It's a full moon. Where is he?
It's a full moon. Where is he?At my flat. I'm off at midnight and...
He's not?Alex, has David persisted in his werewolf fantasies?
Has his friend appeared to him again?Yes.
Yes.What did he say?
What did he say?David says Jack comes to warn him.
David says Jack comes to warn him.Warn him?
Warn him?Dr. Hirsch, what's wrong? Is this more serious than I know?
He's here.Is he all right? Why didn't you call me? Where was he?
Is he all right? Why didn't you call me? Where was he?He doesn't remember. He woke up at the zoo.
He doesn't remember. He woke up at the zoo.The zoo? Is he rational?
Have you read the papers today? Have you listened to the radio or television?No, why?
No, why?Is David acting strangely?
Is David acting strangely?No, not really.
Could you get here without any trouble?Yes, I should think so.
Yes, Doctor.You're certain he's lucid? You won't need any help?
You're certain he's lucid? You won't need any help?He's fine. We'll come right over.
He's fine. We'll come right over.Shall I send a car?
Shall I send a car?No, a cab will be faster.
No, a cab will be faster.I expect you shortly.
What shall we do?Tea would be nice.
David?I doubt it. But it's something to do.
It wasn't a lunatic.I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?It was a wolf.
It was a wolf.What?
What?A wolf.
Mr. Kessler?Yes?
Yes?You haven't eaten your lunch.
You haven't eaten your lunch.I'm not very hungry, thank you.
I'm not very hungry, thank you.I'm afraid you have to eat something.
I'm afraid you have to eat something.Please, really. I'm not hungry.
Please, really. I'm not hungry.You put me in an awkward position, Mr. Kessler.
You put me in an awkward position, Mr. Kessler.How is that?
Leave the pills. I'll take them later.Sorry.
Aw come on, Miss Price!Call me Alex.
Call me Alex.Aw come on, Alex!
Aw come on, Alex!Shall I be forced to feed you, Mr. Kessler?
Call me David.Shall I be forced to feed you, David?
Shall I be forced to feed you, David?This is absurd. I'm not hungry. I don't want any food.
This is absurd. I'm not hungry. I don't want any food.Right.
Let's try a little harder, shall we?Will you give me a break?
You're a very beautiful girl.I thought you were asleep.
I thought you were asleep.I was. What are you reading?
I was. What are you reading?'A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court' by Mark Twain.
'A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court' by Mark Twain.Do you like it?
Do you like it?I've just started it. My friend gave it to me.
What do you dream about?I dream of death mostly.
I dream of death mostly.I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked you.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked you.It's okay. I want to talk to you.
How old are you?That's not really a very proper question.
That's not really a very proper question.How old are you?
How old are you?Twenty-eight.
Twenty-eight.I'm twenty-seven.
I'm twenty-seven.I know.
I know.Now what do you want to talk about?
Now what do you want to talk about?Was Jack Goodman your good friend?
Was Jack Goodman your good friend?My best friend. My very best friend.
My best friend. My very best friend.Shall I read to you?
Shall I read to you?What? Oh, yes, please.
Hello. You all right?I'm sorry I woke you up.
I'm sorry I woke you up.Don't be silly. Can I get you something?
Don't be silly. Can I get you something?No, thank you. Just keep me company for a while.
No, thank you. Just keep me company for a while.That's easy enough.
Will you come with me?What?
Not just a patient -- me.You're being awfully forward, aren't you?
All I am to you is a sex fantasy then?Now I'm embarrassed.
I'm a werewolf.A werewolf?
Are you better now?I'll let you know the next full moon.
I'll let you know the next full moon.You're to be discharged tomorrow. Will you be all right?
My friend Jack was just here.Your dead friend Jack?
I was dreaming again?I would think so.
I would think so.Yeah, I would think so, too.
The kitchen.Very nice.
Closet.Charming.
Charming.Bathroom.
Bathroom.Lovely.
Lovely.The bedroom.
The bedroom.There is only one bed.
There is only one bed.David, perhaps you'd like to watch the telly while I take a shower.
It's nice to see you.It's nice to see you.
Alex?Yes?
Yes?Will you be here in about fifteen minutes?
Will you be here in about fifteen minutes?Of course.
Of course.Good.
I was awake and he was in my room.But, David.
But, David.I wasn't hallucinating.
Tomorrow is the full moon.That's good, Alex. Reassure me.
Let me go now, you'll make me late.Do me an enormous favor?
Do me an enormous favor?Anything.
Anything.Tell me that it's silly of me to be apprehensive.
Tell me that it's silly of me to be apprehensive.It's silly of you to be apprehensive.
It's silly of you to be apprehensive.Werewolves simply do not exist.
Werewolves simply do not exist.David, do you want me to stay here tonight?
David, do you want me to stay here tonight?Yeah, I do, but go to work.
Listen, if you get too anxious, call me at the hospital, okay?Okay.
Okay.I've left those pills for you.
I've left those pills for you.A doper werewolf.
I'm off. There's food in the fridge.See you later.
David! Where on earth have you been!?!I'm freezing.
The next corner we can get a cab.I should be committed.
I should be committed.Dr. Hirsch will know what to do.
But...Pull over.
David, what are you doing?Six people mutilated? It had to be me, Alex.
Six people mutilated? It had to be me, Alex.David, stop!
Jack is dead!Jack is dead. Look, six people have been killed. I'm going to the police.
David, please be rational. Let's go to Dr. Hirsch.Rational!?! I'm a fucking werewolf, for Christ's sake!
He's playing a stupid joke, sir.What?
What?We had an argument. He's being silly.
We had an argument. He's being silly.I swear, I don't know this girl.
Sir, he's very upset. His friend was killed and...Will you shut up!?!!
Hopeless. It's hopeless.David, let's go now.
David, don't lose control.Control!?! What control!?! Get away from me!
Hello, Benjamin.No.
No.No what?
No what?No.
No.Well, all right then, be that way. Here, swallow this.
Well, all right then, be that way. Here, swallow this.No.
Feeling better?No.
No.Right.
How are we feeling tonight?No.
No.No what?
No what?No!
No!Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?No.
No.I thought not.
He all right?Yes, I should think. He called out just now.
Chart says he's from New York.I think he's a Jew.
I think he's a Jew.Why on earth do you say that?
Why on earth do you say that?I looked.
Miss Price.Yes, Mrs. Hobbs.
Officer, I killed those people last night.You did, did you?
All right, you two, move along.Hey, you asshole! I want you to arrest me!
Hey, you asshole! I want you to arrest me!There's no call for that kind of language.
Now see here young man.Shakespeare was French! The Queen Mother sucks cocks in hell! Shit! Fuck! Piss!
Who is this girl?You're going to have to stop this disturbance or I shall arrest you.
You're going to have to stop this disturbance or I shall arrest you.That's what I want you to do, you moron!
That's easy for you to say - you're already dead.No, David. Harry and I and everyone you murder are not dead. The undead.
No, David. Harry and I and everyone you murder are not dead. The undead.Why are you doing this to me?
Here, Gladys, Tom. Did you hear the one about the crashing plane?No, but we're about to.
You be quiet, woman, and let me speak.Quiet, everyone! Hush! Shhh!
All right, laugh then. I shan't tell it.Oh, come on, tell us.
Oh, come on, tell us.No. You've had your chance.
No one brought them here! No one wanted them here!You could have told them!
Mr. Kessler? Wake up, please.I was having a nightmare.
Alex?Miss Price, the other nurse that attended you.
Miss Price, the other nurse that attended you.What are you going to see?
Do you have bad dreams, too?Some, everyone does.
Some, everyone does.Yes, but does everyone kill Bambi?
Yes, but does everyone kill Bambi?Bambi?
Where am I?You're in a hospital in London.
You're in a hospital in London.London? Where's Jack? I had a strange dream.
London? Where's Jack? I had a strange dream.I should think so after your recent traumatic experiences.
Miss Price! Miss Price, please!Get your fucking hands off me! What the hell is going on here?
How long have I been here?You've been unconscious since you were brought in two weeks ago.
You've been unconscious since you were brought in two weeks ago.Two weeks?
There were witnesses?So they said.
In time I'm sure it will all come back to you.Doctor, my memory is fine. It's my sanity I'm beginning to worry about.
You've never had bad dreams before?Sure, as a kid. But never so real. Never so bizarre.
You'd be surprised what horrors a man is capable of.Did you see Jack?
Did you see Jack?No. In fact, your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here.
Dr. Hirsch? I'd rather not be by myself.Of course not, David. I'll fetch in young Miss Price.
Are you cold?Yes.
Yes.Good.
Jack.David.
David.You're not having a good time are you?
You're not having a good time are you?Oh, I don't know. I mean look around. Isn't this a fun place?
Well, I like it here.I'm sorry. Northern England first, Italy later.
I'm sorry. Northern England first, Italy later.Right.
Do you think she'll meet me in Rome?I think Debbie Klein is a mediocre person with a good body.
She's a jerk.You're talking about the woman I love.
You're talking about the woman I love.I'm talking about a girl you want to fuck, so give me a break.
I'm talking about a girl you want to fuck, so give me a break.Well, anyway, do you think she'll be there?
Well, anyway, do you think she'll be there?I don't know.
That's not a spear. It's a pike.A severed wolf's head on a pike as their symbol.
I assume full responsibility.Okay.
Okay.Shall we?
Hello.Nice to see you.
Nice looking group.Listen, at least it's warm in here.
Listen, at least it's warm in here.Look at that.
What about it?It's a five-pointed star.
It's a five-pointed star.Maybe the owners are from Texas.
Ask them what the candles are for.You ask them.
Right.Wrong.
Go on, ask them.You ask them.
Jack, we'd better go.What do you mean? I'm starving.
Come on, Jack, shall we go?!!Apparently so.
What the hell was that all about?I don't know. Let's see if there's an inn or something up the road.
I don't know. Let's see if there's an inn or something up the road.Beware the moon?
Beware the moon?Come on, I'm freezing.
What do you think was wrong?I have no idea.
I have no idea.Maybe that pentangle was for something supernatural.
Did you hear that?I heard that.
I heard that.What was it?
Could be a lot of things.Yeah?
Yeah?A coyote.
A coyote.There aren't any coyotes in England.
There aren't any coyotes in England.The Hound of the Baskervilles.
The Hound of the Baskervilles.Pecos Bill.
Pecos Bill.Heathcliffe.
Heathcliffe.Heathcliffe didn't howl.
Heathcliffe didn't howl.No, but he was on the moors.
No, but he was on the moors.It's a full moon, 'beware the moon'.
I vote we go back to The Slaughtered Lamb.Yeah.
Shit! David, what is that?I don't know. Come on.
I don't know. Come on.Come on, where?
Come on, where?Anywhere! I think we should just keep moving.
It's moving.It's circling us.
What's the plan?Plan?
Plan?Let's just keep walking.
It's in front of us.Do you think it's a dog?
Oh shit. What is that?A sheep dog or something. Turn slowly and let's walk away.
Nice doggie. Good boy.Walk away, Jack.
Walk away, Jack.Walking away, yes, sir. Here we are walking away.
See anything?No.
It sounds far away.Not far enough. Come on.
Jack?Yeah.
Yeah.Where are we going?
Where are we going?I'll tell you when we get there.
I'll tell you when we get there.Well. I'm glad we... WHOAA!!
You really scared me, you shithead.Are you going to help me up?
Nice to see you.Get the fuck out of here, Jack.
Get the fuck out of here, Jack.Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.This is too much. I can't handle this.
I'm sorry to be upsetting you, David, but I had to come.Aren't you supposed to be buried in New York someplace?
Why should you be surprised? You were a very well-liked person.Debbie Klein cried a lot.
Debbie Klein cried a lot.I can't stand it.
Rudy Levine the shmuck?Life mocks me even in death.
I'm going completely crazy.David!
David!What?!
We were attacked by a werewolf.I'm not listening!
I'm not listening!On the moors, we were attacked by a lycanthrope, a werewolf.
On the moors, we were attacked by a lycanthrope, a werewolf.Shut up, you zombie!
What's wrong with you? Shut up!The wolf's bloodline must be severed. The last remaining werewolf must be destroyed.
The wolf's bloodline must be severed. The last remaining werewolf must be destroyed.Will you be quiet?!
It's you, David.What?!
What?!You survived and now you shall continue the curse.
You survived and now you shall continue the curse.What are you talking about? I won't accept this! Get out! God damit!
What are you talking about? I won't accept this! Get out! God damit!Remember what that guy at The Slaughtered Lamb said? 'Beware the moon.'
Remember what that guy at The Slaughtered Lamb said? 'Beware the moon.'Stop it, Jack.
Stop it, Jack.Beware the moon. The full moon, David. You've got two days.
Beware the moon. The full moon, David. You've got two days.Jack, please go away. Please go away.
Jack, please go away. Please go away.You'll stalk the streets of London a creature of the night.
You'll stalk the streets of London a creature of the night.You're talking like Boris Karloff! It's movie dialogue!
Nurse!Listen to me! Take your own life, David. It's our only chance.
Listen to me! Take your own life, David. It's our only chance.Nurse!
You're not real.Don't be an asshole, David. Come here.
What are you doing here?I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see you.Okay, you've seen me. Now go away.
I understand all right. You're one of the undead and I'm a werewolf.Yes.
Yes.Get out of here, Jack!
Get out of here, Jack!David, tomorrow night is the full moon. You'll change, you'll become...
David, tomorrow night is the full moon. You'll change, you'll become...A monster. I know, I know.
A monster. I know, I know.You must take your own life now, David, before it's too late.
You must take your own life now, David, before it's too late.Jack, are you really dead?
Jack, are you really dead?What do you think?
Hi, Jack.Hi, David.
What can I say, Jack?You don't have to say anything.
You don't have to say anything.Aren't you going to say, 'I told you so'?
Aren't you going to say, 'I told you so'?If I was still alive, I probably would.
If I was still alive, I probably would.You look awful.
You look awful.Thank you.
David Kessler, this is Gerald Bringsly.Hello.
Because this must be stopped.How shall I do it?
I could hang myself.If you did it wrong, it would be painful. You'd choke to death.
Dr. Hirsch?Come in, come in. Please sit. Some tea?
No, thank you, Doctor.Well, then, what can I do for Scotland Yard?
You were saying?Has David Kessler anything to say concerning the attack on the moors?
Has David Kessler anything to say concerning the attack on the moors?Why don't we ask him?
What can we do to assist you?Stay here. If we need you, we'll know where to reach you.
Yes?Lt. Villiers and Sgt. McManus are here to see you, Doctor.
Lt. Villiers and Sgt. McManus are here to see you, Doctor.Send them in.
Excuse me. Yes?Roger Mathison, Doctor.
Roger Mathison, Doctor.What here?
What here?He's on the telephone.
Hello, there. What can I get you?Campari and soda would do nicely.
Campari and soda would do nicely.Sorry, love.
Sorry, love.I suppose Guinness will suffice.
Do you have any hot soup?No.
Then you have some hot tea?No.
No.Oh.
Oh.But I can heat some up for you if you'd like.
Remember the Alamo?I beg your pardon?
No, thank you.I'd like some tea, please.
Sorry.Has Mr. Kessler said anything regarding the attack on the moors?
Lieutenant, the boy seems pretty lucid to me and...And what, Sergeant?
And what, Sergeant?I don't rightly know, sir.
Hello, Tom.You here again? What do you want?
What do you suppose anybody wants? Money, money, money!Listen, I told you I wasn't interested in that deal, didn't I?
Listen, I told you I wasn't interested in that deal, didn't I?I want to know why .
What's the idea of turning her down? It sounds like a perfectly safe investment.She's a widow. I don't like taking mortgages from widows.
She's a widow. I don't like taking mortgages from widows.Why not?
If she can't pay, I'll have to foreclose, won't I?Yes - sure
Yes - sureYeah - sure!
No kidding?No kidding. When I saw it, you could'a knocked me over with a pin.
No kidding. When I saw it, you could'a knocked me over with a pin.Where's Matt?
Where's Matt?Matt?
The detectives got Matt up there in Sampson's office.He has?
He has?Yeah.
Say Matt, I'll have to have some money for those Manville payrolls.How much?
How much?About twenty-four thousand.
About twenty-four thousand.It was more than that last week.
It was more than that last week.Yeah.
Yeah.Here's twenty-five thousand.
Say, do me a favor, will you Charlie?Yeah.
Yeah.Let me have ten bucks?
Let me have ten bucks?Ten bucks? Say, if I had ten bucks, I'd quit.
Ten bucks? Say, if I had ten bucks, I'd quit.Charlie!
Charlie!Yeah?
Whose death?It'll be yours if you don't kick in with that ten bucks.
It'll be yours if you don't kick in with that ten bucks.Say pal, did you ever hear of a Depression?
Say pal, did you ever hear of a Depression?Aw, nerts!
I remember once when your account checked.Yeah.
Mr. Dickson in yet?Not yet, Mr. Clark.
Not yet, Mr. Clark.When he comes in, tell him we're waiting for him in the board room.
When he comes in, tell him we're waiting for him in the board room.Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.And tell him not to delay.
And tell him not to delay.Yes, sir.
How are you protecting your depositors? By making a lot of idiotic loans!Take it easy, Clark.
We want to talk to you.What about?
What about?We'll discuss that in the board room.
Dickson, I'd like to talk to you about the bank.The bank. All right. Do anything you want with it.
Come out here you pawnbrokers - take a look at this!We've been waiting fifteen minutes
I hope you don't mind me asking you a few questions, Mr. Cluett.Of course, yes. Just what would you like to know, Inspector?
Of course, yes. Just what would you like to know, Inspector?Where were you at twelve o'clock last night?
Where were you at twelve o'clock last night?That's very simple. I was home.
That is simple, isn't it? I assume you can prove that if necessary.Oh yes, of course. There was someone with me. A lady.
Oh!You understand?
You understand?Why, of course.
Thanks.Somebody must be in good humor. He was humming "Mother Machree."
Stand back Inspector, or I'll shoot. Drop that gun.All right, Jack, all right.
What were you doing at Finlay's this morning?They took my keys yesterday. I went there to get them back.
Confessed! Cluett, in heaven's name, what got into you?I don't know. It's all been like a crazy nightmare, Mr. Dickson.
Fifty thousand dollars!But I didn't kill that man last night. Honest I didn't, Mr. Dickson!
That's your funeral. We've got fifty thousand dollars comin' to us.I haven't got it.
I'm sorry, Dude, butIThat don't do us any good.
That don't do us any good.But after all, you can't take blood from a stone.
But after all, you can't take blood from a stone.We can take blood from anything  If it's comin' to us.
Good heavens, man! You're not suggesting that IWhy not?
Why not?Why, I couldn't do that . . . !
Why, I couldn't do that . . . !You don't have to do nothing.
know, butBe sure you're with somebody responsible in case any questions are asked. Understand?
Be sure you're with somebody responsible in case any questions are asked. Understand?But Dude, listen - couldn't we make this some other time?
But Dude, listen - couldn't we make this some other time?Listen, buddy, you're getting by pretty easy. Quit squawking!
This won't do. Not during business hours . . .Why, I needed a
Me?Being alone with you has always done this to me. You know that.
Well, you can. You always could.Liar! You're just suffering from lack of sleep.
What is?running around. Not your work. You'd better start reforming, Cyril!
running around. Not your work. You'd better start reforming, Cyril!If I thought you were the slightest bit interested, I would.
Line?Whatever it is that makes you such a riot with women.
Doesn't that come next?Yes, yes, it does. What are you doing tonight, Phyllis?
Yes, yes, it does. What are you doing tonight, Phyllis?See, we're getting along famously!
WellWell, what?
Well, what?Well, aren't you going to invite me?
Well, aren't you going to invite me?You? No can do. It's all set. Just a few of Tom's closest friends.
You? No can do. It's all set. Just a few of Tom's closest friends.Now Phyllis, if you don't invite me, I'm coming anyway.
Now Phyllis, if you don't invite me, I'm coming anyway.Don't be silly, Cyril. These are respectable people. They'd probably bore you to death.
Why are you so anxious?Don't you know?
Don't you know?No.
No.I want to be near you!
What?Don't you know I've been crazy about you for years?
Don't you know I've been crazy about you for years?Now wait a minute, wait a minute...
Now wait a minute, wait a minute...I've loved you ever since I can remember, long before you married Tom Dickson.
I've loved you ever since I can remember, long before you married Tom Dickson.Why, Cyril, you're insane
What's this?My apartment.
My apartment.I knew I couldn't trust you. You told me you were taking me home.
What is that, Mr. Bones?[7]A misunderstood bachelor.
And now fair woman, I have you in my power.I'm not afraid of you. You haven't got a moustache!
I'm not afraid of you. You haven't got a moustache!I'll grow a moustache by the time you get out of here.
Why, Matt!What are you doing here?
Are the payrolls ready for tomorrow?Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.Let me see your cash book, will you?
Let me see your cash book, will you?Now?
Now?Yes, now.
The butler said I could stay. I told him it was important.Oh, yeah?
Well, I thought I'd like to have a little talk with you.I'm listening.
That will be just about enough! Now get out of here!I guess I have said enough I'm just wasting my breath talking to you.
Good morning, Mr. Dickson.John, how's your wife this morning?
John, how's your wife this morning?Much better this morning, thank you.
Much better this morning, thank you.Got a handkerchief?
Excuse meWait a minute. How do you feel this morning?
Wait a minute. How do you feel this morning?I'm feeling fine this morning.
I'm feeling fine this morning.That makes it unanimous. I feel all right too.
That makes it unanimous. I feel all right too.Thank you!
Shall we let the people come in?Of course, let them in! You're late now.
Good morning, Mr. Dickson. My wife is much better this morning.Well, that's too bad. Mine's all right too.
Well, look who's here! Hello, dear.Hello, darling.
It's amazing that your sweet, lovely, gorgeous wife can ever get to see you.Oooh! That has the earmarks!
What's the matter dear? What have I done now?Nothing. Tom, I thought you were going out with me tonight.
Nothing. Tom, I thought you were going out with me tonight.Oh, I did have a date with you tonight, didn't I?
Oh, I did have a date with you tonight, didn't I?Yes.
Yes.I'm terribly sorry. I'd forgotten all about you. I'm so sorry, dear.
Listen, it isn't so terribly important. We can go to the theatre any time.The theatre?
The theatre?That's what it was you planned, wasn't it?
That's what it was you planned, wasn't it?Yes, of course.
Yes, of course.You can take some of the girls. You can take Mildred - or Gwynn
Listen, don't go around being attractive to anyone but me . . .Well . . .
All right. I'll postpone the whole thing until tomorrow night.Happy now?
Happy now?No.
Last night? Er - why - uh, last night . . .Listen, dear. Now tell me the truth about this. Were you in Cluett's apartment?
Why - well, IUmmm. Stalling, eh? Anything new?
Ummm. Stalling, eh? Anything new?Why, the directors are waiting for you in the board room.
Why, the directors are waiting for you in the board room.Directors, eh? Long faces?
Longer.I haven't got any new stories for them this morning, either.
Helen, tell Matt I want to see him.Yes, sir.
Oh, Mr. Dickson - they're going to arrest Matt. They think he did it!Where is he now?
Where is he now?In Mr. Sampson's office.
In Mr. Sampson's office.Now don't you worry about it.
You want the rest of those numbers, Mr. Dickson?Numbers? No, never mind.
Good morning, Helen.Good morning.
Good morning.Say, I know what's the matter with you. Matt!
Yes?Mr. Sampson . . .
Mr. Sampson . . .All right. Send him in.
Helen!Yes?
Yes?Get Mrs. Dickson on the phone.
Good morning, Mrs. Pembroke.Good morning, Mr. Dickson.
Good morning, Mr. Dickson.Got my letter?
Got my letter?Yes, thank you.
Yes, thank you.Hello, Helen.
Wait a minute. Where's your uniform?I haven't any.
I haven't any.You haven't got a uniform?
You haven't got a uniform?No, sir.
No, sir.My goodness, you ought to have a uniform. How much does one cost?
My goodness, you ought to have a uniform. How much does one cost?Why, I don't know.
Why, I don't know.You see Sampson. Tell him I sent you. You've got to have a uniform.
Oh, make that uniform blue.Yes, sir.
Well, well, well - got your uniform, eh?Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.Looks good. How much did it cost?
Looks good. How much did it cost?I don't know. Mr. Sampson bought it for me.
What's the matter? You don't seem very excited about it.Sure, I think it's swell.
Well, II suppose you want me to fix that up for you too, eh?
I already told him I was home.There you are.
No. I won't.You're protecting somebody.
You're protecting somebody.No, I'm not Mr. Dickson!
Why wouldn't you tell me where you were last night?You're not giving up, are you, Mr. Dickson?
You're not giving up, are you, Mr. Dickson?Were you in Cluett's apartment?
Wait a minute. Answer my question. Was Mrs. Dickson there?Well . . . uh . . . I . . .
Well . . . uh . . . I . . .She was, wasn't she? How long has this been going on? Do you know?
I'm afraid I must, Mr. Dickson.Why pick on him ?
What time did this thing happen?The clock opposite the vault was stopped by a bullet at 12:09.
The clock opposite the vault was stopped by a bullet at 12:09.All right. If the boy proves an alibi, he's all right, isn't he?
All right. If the boy proves an alibi, he's all right, isn't he?If he can do it, yes.
Why, you must be crazy. I've known this man for years.He's just confessed. He's been mixed up with the toughest gangsters in town.
My wife? What's she got to do with you?No wonder he didn't want to mention her name.
Well, Sampson, what is it?Here's the data on the Clyde deal.
The lobby's half filled now.What are you talking about?
Look at them, Mr. Dickson. They're going crazy.Did you get the case for the securities?
Did you get the case for the securities?Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.Mine too?
Mine too?Yes, sir. But soon as our money runs out, they'll mob the place.
Yes, ma'am, you can deposit your money here.Is it safe?
Is it safe?Absolutely.
Absolutely.It's his life insurance money, you know.
How-do-you-do, Mrs. Dickson.Is that busy husband of mine busy?
Is that busy husband of mine busy?He's at a board meeting.
He's at a board meeting.Board meeting. Oh, that means hours, I suppose.
Board meeting. Oh, that means hours, I suppose.I'm afraid so.
I'm afraid so.Helen, did you ever try competing with a bank?
Helen, did you ever try competing with a bank?No.
Hello, Helen!Matt, come here!
Matt, come here!Why?
Why?Come here, honey!
Hey, look out, somebody's likely to see us!Oh, is that so?
What did you do with it?With what?
With what?The ten dollars.
The ten dollars.Oh, ten dollars
Oh, ten dollarsYes.
No.Oh, you think I'm lying?
Oh, you think I'm lying?Yes.
Yes.All right, I'm lying. Don't forget you called me a liar.
All right, I'm lying. Don't forget you called me a liar.Oh, Matt.
Say, I just heard the merger isn't going thru. Isn't that grand?Yeah, swell.
What happened? What did he say? Did you get the job?Yeah.
Well . . . ?Well, he was making love to her.
Oh Matt, you must be mistaken.I tell you, I saw them!
What's keeping you?Oh, Charlie again.
Oh, Charlie again.Say Matt, you haven't done anything about what you saw today, have you?
Oh now, don't be silly.Can you imagine that guy? He was kissing her.
Can you imagine that guy? He was kissing her.Now you've got me worried, dear. Promise me you won't butt in.
Shh . . . ! I'll wait for you upstairs.All right, dear.
Oh, Matt . . .Don't cry, honey. Everything's gonna be all right.
What's he doing, honey? Is he getting any help?Something's happened. He isn't trying anymore.
Something's happened. He isn't trying anymore.They must have turned him down.
They must have turned him down.Yes. He called some of the biggest people in town.
Did you talk to him?Yeah. I got an idea. Come on, let's get to a telephone.
Dickson's in a jam I tell you. The run's getting worse.Mr. Williams . . .
Did you say Dude Finlay?Yes, why?
Yes, why?He was in the bank yesterday.
He was in the bank yesterday.He was here?
He was here?He came to see Mr. Cluett.
He came to see Mr. Cluett.Are you sure?
Are you sure?Yes, sir.
Never mind all that. What did you find out?He left here about an hour ago and went down to Dude Finlay's joint.
He left here about an hour ago and went down to Dude Finlay's joint.Dude Finlay?
Dude Finlay?Yes, sir.
for the rheumatism, you know.What time was it, Mrs. Halligan?
What time was it?Huh?
Huh?What time did Matt Brown get in?
Yes, I guess it was one, 'cause...It couldn't have been earlier?
It couldn't have been earlier?No. It wasn't earlier because...
No. It wasn't earlier because...Yes, I know. Cause the Dooley sisters weren't in yet.
Yes, I know. Cause the Dooley sisters weren't in yet.No - because me clock struck four, and when it strikes four, it's one.
No - because me clock struck four, and when it strikes four, it's one.There you are!
I didn't do it! I haven't got a gun!You used to carry a gun, didn't you?
Then who changed it?I don't know.
So you were home last night?Yes.
Yes.What time did you get in?
What time did you get in?Well, about - uh - eleven o'clock.
Well, about - uh - eleven o'clock.Eleven o'clock, eh? Are you sure it was that?
Eleven o'clock, eh? Are you sure it was that?Yes.
But I wasn't here, Mr. Dickson. Honest I wasn't . . .Then where were you?
You're carrying too much money on you, Hank. You better turn some in tonight.Okay, Matt.
How are you fixed?I'm okay, Matt.
I'm okay, Matt.You've got enough?
That mug reminds me of a guy with his second dollar.Yeah, what did he do with his first one?
Yeah, what did he do with his first one?Bought himself a pocketbook!
Everybody in?I guess so.
I guess so.Where's Charlie?
You can ride like that?I said like a Comanche, not this Comanche.
I think I may just go on to the reservation.Tom, I'm this close to coming with you...
I couldn't lose him.Jim Younger, I told you--
This is healing?Sometimes a wound will kill.
Sometimes a wound will kill.Now you tell us.
Gatling! They've got a Gatling!Dammit, this stopped being fun about two years ago!
He's smiling.Never a good thing.
Never thought that pissant town would look so pretty.Anywhere nobody's shooting at me is pretty.
Your Ma wouldn't let us leave until we ate something.That was two hours ago.
Here's Liberty's favorite son! I'll never forget what you did, cousin.Zee, I'm pleased you came.
Our place, Clell Miller's, Sammy Johnston, the Creeders. Will Hite.The sheriff says it was a gang of drunk Kansas boys.
The sheriff says it was a gang of drunk Kansas boys.I say we ride into town and kill us some Pinkertons and railroad men.
These are deeds and mortgages of farms the bank was holding for the railroad.Better pass them over here before something happens to 'em.
Uhh, yeah it does.You stay out of this, Bob.
No, Jimmy has a point. The Younger-James Gang could be confusing.How?
We got a problem here, brother?Frankly, yes. I'm feeling a little left out.
This is the best score yet.It's still taking too long. The people used to snap to.
It's still taking too long. The people used to snap to.That was because of... the reputation the gang had.
How'd they --What have you done?
What have you done?I ain't done --
I ain't done --WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!
Bob. I didn't...Swear.
Swear.I swear --
I swear --Swear on Jimmy's grave.
I'm sorry, Cole.You're just upset about Jesse. We all are.
He's not bad at it.It's tougher than it looks.
Yesterday.Well, somebody better go tell THE DAMN YANKEES!
Corn gonna shoot at me?Nope.
Nope.Then I love it.
Jesus mercy, that's Charlie Higgins, Dave Laller ...... Will Perry ...
Oh no...He just lost his temper a little.
Damn!They said because the detectives were working for the Department of the Interior --
They said because the detectives were working for the Department of the Interior --The Army can hang him.
The Army can hang him.Tomorrow.
How many of them did he kill?Two.
You have no shame.Not yet. But I'm hoping.
But if we take their money and supplies...Exactly.
Hey!"Bank officials estimate the loss at fifty thousand dollars."
Okay, folks, I think we know how this is going to go...One false move and I'll blow your heads off!
Beg pardon?You heard me, Jesse. You know how crazy I get!
This is about the "Wanted!" Posters, isn't it.Yes. I am obviously not standing out in people's minds at the robberies.
The things a fella has to do to get a little respect around here...You are a fine figure of a man.
You are a fine figure of a man.Listen, Jesse, we've got a problem. It's Cole.
Listen, Jesse, we've got a problem. It's Cole.He's been full of vinegar lately.
He's been full of vinegar lately.He's planning a job.
He's planning a job.What?
What?Listen, he's my brother and I don't want to start trouble...
Listen, he's my brother and I don't want to start trouble...Tell me.
What?You, ya barrel of pork lard. Here piggy piggy!
What you sayin' boy?I think I recognize you.
I think I recognize you.How?
'Bout time you got here, buddy.What's going on?
Ride with me, cousin?I could use the walk.
Where you boys going?There's Yankees back there. Lot's of 'em.
Home, boys. Back to our farms.Planting corn. Harvesting corn. Year after year.
Hands off your hip, Cole.You're not scared, are you?
You're not scared, are you?Pick your fights, cousin. You taught me that.
Not now.What is wrong with you?
You ever notice Zerelda's eyes?She got two of them.
She had a moustache.She was European!
She was European!All right, calm down. I'll agree Sadie was a woman --
Thanks for the help.After all you did on our farm? You miss it, don't you Jesse?
After all you did on our farm? You miss it, don't you Jesse?The war? What, are you crazy? There are things I miss about it.
The war? What, are you crazy? There are things I miss about it.It was exciting.
It was exciting.But it was a whole lot of killing. Why should we miss that?
Perfect, Cole.Let's ride.
The James-Younger Gang.Sorry.
Sorry.Don't let it happen again.
I got seven thousand.I got three.
Jesse, we got to have a word.Sure, cousin.
Sure, cousin.All the posters and newspapers are calling this bunch the "James-Younger Gang."
All the posters and newspapers are calling this bunch the "James-Younger Gang."Yep.
It'll be the biggest score yet.What will be?
Smells funny, it being mentioned in the paper.If you'd read about it first, you'd have no problems.
If you'd read about it first, you'd have no problems.What are you saying?
Beautiful.Now the one time one of us comes up with an idea --
Now the one time one of us comes up with an idea --A bad idea.
A bad idea.I got us through the War all right.
I got us through the War all right.And almost got hanged in peacetime.
And almost got hanged in peacetime.That's it.
I'm the better soldier, Jesse.And I'm the better outlaw.
Still smells fishy.Then let me run the show, General Lee.
Dammit!A trap.
Okay, you're gonna rest here.Clell, Tom, go get Doc Mimms in Liberty!
Bob, rip up some bandages.Pass me some whisky.
We'll make them pay for this.I'm out.
Missed you, cousin.Missed you too, cousin.
You know, you gettin' caught, right after leaving us, some people thought --Pff. All we been through, the thought never crossed my mind.
Where'd you get all these riders?We didn't. Zerelda did. Turns out your wife makes a hell of an outlaw.
Some Indian tracker you turned out to be, Tom.You pay me to find you Bluecoats. There they are.
Well?I'm thinking...
Cannon or Gatling?Both would be nice.
Both would be nice.Soon as I hit one, the other'll know and beat us up.
What the --Must be a garrison in town. We're in occupied territory, boys.
I think one of 'em's glass.Which one, right or left?
Which one, right or left?The brown one.
Oh, Lord, the dance hall girl at Bunty's...Sadie was not a man!
I have no idea what you just said, but it sounded real nice.Shakespeare. He's European.
Shakespeare. He's European.Ah.
BASTARDS! Come back here and face me!Get buckets!
Strategically.-- Exactly. Because this is a war.
Another dozen out back.They gonna rush us?
They gonna rush us?They're just insurance in case we run.
The safe. Now.Of course! Uh, sir?
Of course! Uh, sir?What?
What?Where is Jesse James?
Where is Jesse James?This here is the Younger Gang!
OPEN THE DAMN SAFE!All right, all right. Jesse James never yelled at folk...
You 'um big lawman?Yeah, Injun. What do you want?
Yeah, Injun. What do you want?Great Chief of St. Louis send me.
Great Chief of St. Louis send me.The District Marshall
East? East above the river heading for the Eagle Pass?Ho-yah!
Go ahead to the saloon. But don't get too drunk!Me get heap firewater --
I know it ain't no durned bank holiday!You're right, sir.
You're right, sir.Then why can't I go in there?
Then why can't I go in there?On account of we're robbing it.
On account of we're robbing it.Oh. Why didn't you just say so?
Oh. Why didn't you just say so?It's a secret.
It's a secret.Fine. I'll just wait here.
Fine. I'll just wait here.I'd appreciate that.
What the --What is it?
What is it?Old Man Tucker is just standing quiet outside the bank.
Old Man Tucker is just standing quiet outside the bank.So?
So?When have you ever known Old Man Tucker not to be yelling at everybody?
Where the hell were you?I had you covered. From back there.
I had you covered. From back there.Shit.
-- rode right into them, screaming like a banshee.My little Web did that?
Web died fighting?Died a hero.
Boys...Go home, Doc. They ain't gonna hang no more Liberty boys.
What do you say, sir?Go on. You're pretty much all healed up.
They're gone. What are you --I fooled them into thinking I was alone.
I fooled them into thinking I was alone.Well, I hope the boy pulls through. We should know in the morning.
Well, I hope the boy pulls through. We should know in the morning.I think he's already feeling better.
Distracting enough for you?Pff. They hardly even noticed you.
Pff. They hardly even noticed you.So you're saying I could have done more to attract their attention.
So you're saying I could have done more to attract their attention.Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.Such as?
Such as?You could have worn one of those big, floppy woman's Easter Sunday hats.
You could have worn one of those big, floppy woman's Easter Sunday hats.That would have made an impression.
That would have made an impression.I figure.
Web's dead.I reckoned.
I reckoned.Hell of a war.
Hell of a war.I'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time.
Looks like Web Mimms wasn't the only casualty this town's got.We better go to Doc's, see what's going on here.
Frank, don't you have something to say?You're doing just fine.
You're doing just fine.Zee, we got to talk to you and your father.
That just might work.Maybe, maybe...
"Big and older"?You can shut up now.
You can shut up now.You are a charmer.
You are a charmer.I swear I'll shoot you in your sleep.
I swear I'll shoot you in your sleep.Next time try "fat and haggard."
She's still talking to Jesus.What worries me is that Jesus is talking back.
You know him?Heard of him.
Pinkertons. It's the railroad.Ma.
... We could move on. Rebuild. Make a decent life someplace else.Don't care.
Don't care.Didn't think you would. I'm going to go make the coffin.
Didn't think you would. I'm going to go make the coffin.Make a thousand of 'em. Still won't be enough by the time I'm through.
How'd it go in there?Fine. How'd it go out here?
Fine. How'd it go out here?We're gonna have to talk...
And it's guarded by Pinkerton detectives.And I do so want to shoot some Pinkerton detectives.
Gents, we are in the middle of something here.Bob's upset.
Bob's upset.The posters?
This has been a good year.Jesse, we're outlaws.
Jesse, we're outlaws.And we're good at it.
You've killed your fair share of men.If I could go back to farming --
If I could go back to farming --That's a lie. You could've bought a dozen farms with the money we've stolen.
We're doing this for Ma.Maybe it started out that way. But now...
We're drunk.Oh yeah.
You taking sides against me, now, Frank?No, I --
They're all pinned down. Can't even get to the door.Got any ideas, little brother?
Railroad burned him out too. You couldn't have stopped him.You're a piss-poor liar for the smartest man I know.
You're a piss-poor liar for the smartest man I know.Yeah.
Yeah.A war against the railroad. What the hell were we thinking?
A war against the railroad. What the hell were we thinking?I'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time.
I'll meet you down there in a few weeks.See you soon. Oh, and I appreciate the distraction back there.
See you soon. Oh, and I appreciate the distraction back there.Hell, they hardly even noticed us.
Y'know, Uncle Frank...Yeah, Jimmy?
Sounds like he was a hell of a man.That he was.
That he was.They're making him a hero now.
They're making him a hero now.Saved a lot of folk from the railroad.
Saved a lot of folk from the railroad.But he killed a lot of men, too.
But he killed a lot of men, too.Can't argue that.
Can't argue that.So what was he?
So what was he?I think... he was just a real interestin' fella to have around.
Uncle Frank?Yeah Jimmy?
Yeah Jimmy?How much of that story is true?
How much of that story is true?Everything but the boring parts.
Did you kill Yankees?A fair number, Ma.
A fair number, Ma.Say your prayers?
Easterners.We're just fine, thank you, sir.
Ma! Please!Boys?
Riders --We know, Ma. Now we got to get you to Doc Mimms.
We know, Ma. Now we got to get you to Doc Mimms.Take care of each other, boys. You say your prayers.
Doc Mimms will --Shush.
Zerelda? Little Zee Mimms?You were little Jesse James when you left.
You were little Jesse James when you left.But you got big!
But still died.If there's anything we can do for you, Dr. Mimms. We want to help.
Jesse, are you awake?Mmmm.
Jesse, is that your hand?Nuh-huh ...
You shouldn't be up.I've been on my back two weeks. I'm sick of it.
I've been on my back two weeks. I'm sick of it.You're sick of my company?
You're sick of my company?No! I mean, of course not. No.
No! I mean, of course not. No.Teasing you is completely unfair.
Teasing you is completely unfair.What you do to me is unfair. The teasing, I mean.
What you do to me is unfair. The teasing, I mean.I shouldn't tease a hero.
I shouldn't tease a hero.What?
You didn't want to farm?I was thinking more along the lines of being a river pirate.
I was thinking more along the lines of being a river pirate.A river pirate.
A river pirate.Arr. Hand over your jewels, Missy.
Mostly. It would be an all right life, for a bachelor.You planning on being a bachelor your whole life, Jesse James?
You planning on being a bachelor your whole life, Jesse James?Not if I find the right girl.
Not if I find the right girl.And what's this right girl like?
Where will you find such a girl?Honestly, you'd do if only you had the buck teeth.
Sparkling rocks?Little ones.
Little ones.Is this one of Frank's Shakespeare poems you're trying to quote?
Is this one of Frank's Shakespeare poems you're trying to quote?Yep.
Yep.Were you planning on kissing me when you finished quoting?
Were you planning on kissing me when you finished quoting?I've been planning on kissin' you for a very long time.
I am so sorry, Jesse.Frank and me have to go away for a while.
Me neither.Let the law --
Let the law --Laws don't touch men like Thaddeus Rains. Only justice does.
Laws don't touch men like Thaddeus Rains. Only justice does.Whose justice? Yours or God's? When will you stop?
That's... wonderful. It's just... I thought...She's beautiful. Smart. And has the biggest... buck teeth in all of Missouri.
I would never have imagined us in a place like this.That's why I picked it. We can start a whole new life down here.
That's why I picked it. We can start a whole new life down here.Are you going to be happy here, Mr. James? Without all that excitement?
Hmm."Hmm" what?
Aw, shucks, ma'am...Stop it. This is just sad.
Stop it. This is just sad.Swimming. Swimming is good.
Don't turn around.What?
What?If you don't see it, it's not real...
You get arrested again, I'll kill you.Yes ma'am.
Yes ma'am.I can't believe I had to blow up a train for you.
I can't believe I had to blow up a train for you.You are a hell of a woman.
You are a hell of a woman.Don't swear.
Don't swear.Yes ma'am.
Tennessee?I'll explain on the way.
We're moving you tomorrow.But I like the presidential suite.
You almost ended my career before it began.Pity.
How did you spot the ambush in Torrell?Last February?
Last February?Mmm.
Yes?The cows had a brand from a farm just five miles out of town.
The cows had a brand from a farm just five miles out of town.Damn.
Almost got me in Billings. I saw you there, shooting at me.I went myself to oversee the operation. Didn't help much.
I went myself to oversee the operation. Didn't help much.No, that one was close. A couple fellas quit after that one.
Oh. That's nice to know. We're going to hang you, you know.I figured.
I figured.Was it worth it?
Was it worth it?Should have just killed Thaddeus Rains and been done with it.
Should have just killed Thaddeus Rains and been done with it.That's what I would have done.
That's what I would have done.I'm not hanged yet.
I'm not hanged yet.You cocky little bastard.
You cocky little bastard.Ahh, you'll miss me.
Ahh, you'll miss me.No, I'll hang you. But I may miss you just a bit.
That was for my Ma. Now this is for everybody else.He's too important, James. They'll set the army on you. You and your wife.
This is unusual. Most of our marriages are members of the congregation.You don't think God'll mind, do you?
Discretion? Sir, I am a man of the cloth.Thank you.
Thank you.Who needs to repair a leaky church roof.
Now let's have a drink.Right here in church?
Right here in church?Communion.
And you're too young.I'm the same age you were when you went off to war.
I'm the same age you were when you went off to war.And the same age Web was. No.
I like that.No.
You okay, Jesse?Yeah. Hey, are you drinking whisky? You're too young to be drinking whisky.
Yeah. Hey, are you drinking whisky? You're too young to be drinking whisky.Not too young to shoot a man, not to young to drink.
Not too young to shoot a man, not to young to drink.I guess so.
Jim, you been with a girl yet?Tonight? Why, I'm just getting ready to turn on the Younger charm.
Well, not exactly.You been with a girl ever?
... too young for whisky...This time we'll make an exception.
This time we'll make an exception.Jesse, you explain to Lyla. My girl, you know, from that time...
Jesse, you explain to Lyla. My girl, you know, from that time...You're gonna tell her when you're resting up in bed with her, Jimmy.
Why, yeah.I hope you don't mind, Jesse James told me your name.
I hope you don't mind, Jesse James told me your name.Oh, you were talking to Jesse.
Oh, you were talking to Jesse.Yes, but just so I could find out who you were.
Really?I hope I'm not being too forward.
I hope I'm not being too forward.Not at all.
Not at all.I just though you were awful cute.
I just though you were awful cute.Thank you, Miss -- ?
Thank you, Miss -- ?Lyla Devereux.
Lyla Devereux.Gosh, that's a pretty name. Buy you a drink?
Gosh, that's a pretty name. Buy you a drink?Could we go upstairs and talk? It's so loud down here.
Could we go upstairs and talk? It's so loud down here.Why don't we get a bottle of sherry to sip while we talk?
Why don't we get a bottle of sherry to sip while we talk?That is so gentlemanly of you.
Devereux. My brother Cole dated a European girl once.Really?
Really?Don't talk about it much, though.
Well, this land is about to be condemned.I'm doing you folks a favor --
They had to be dealt with!By burning down their homes?
There's only four of them...Move you fools!
And it is my pleasure to be here.Really!
Leaving you in charge of operations until he recovers.Yes sir.
Yes sir.Just perfect.
I see. I'll get together four patrols of our detectives for action tonight.I'll teach these podunks what happens when they challenge the righteousness of progress.
I'll kill them for blowing up my railway!To be precise, they didn't blow up the tracks.
To be precise, they didn't blow up the tracks.THEN WHO DID?!
THEN WHO DID?!We did.
Your men knew the risks.What is going on here, man?
With my money!We should go burn that school to the ground, sir!
The final route for the railroad is complete.I look forward to seeing it.
Parker.Sir?
Sir?What is that?
What is that?What, sir?
That.Oh, that. I'll let Jenkins explain.
This is him.I remember you.
How did you know?Not such a menace now, is he, Pinkerton?
This is no game.I'm afraid our adversaries don't agree.
So you can't tell me anything?It's going to be a long winter.
Yes, that's the way to win the locals back to our side.I demand action.
Can't you tell me anything?It's going to be a long spring.
So he's won.No.
In English, Pinkerton.There are only four banks within that travel radius which they have not robbed.
There are only four banks within that travel radius which they have not robbed.Can you put men at all four?
What is that?Why, their intense hatred of you, of course.
What the hell is that sound?Vengeance.
Listen, what are you doing tonight?What? Oh, I'm...busy.
Stop it. I'm...On a lot of lithium?
You should come have dinner with me. COURTNEY But-when?Am I confused or were we talking about tonight?
Pumpkin?Yes?
Yes?Pumpkin you're dating an asshole.
Pumpkin you're dating an asshole.Uh huh.
Uh huh.Pumpkin you're dating the biggest dickweed in New York.
Pumpkin you're dating the biggest dickweed in New York.I know. Stop it.
I know. Stop it.Pumpkin, you're dating a tumbling, tumbling dickweed.
Pumpkin, you're dating a tumbling, tumbling dickweed.Patrick don't call me pumpkin anymore, okay? I have to go.
Patrick don't call me pumpkin anymore, okay? I have to go.Courtney? Dinner?
Courtney? Dinner?I can't.
I can't.I'm thinking Dorsia.
I'm thinking Dorsia.Dorsia's nice.
Dorsia's nice.Nice?
Nice?You like it there, don't you?
Okay. Yeah. What time?Eight?
Eight?Pick me up?
Pick me up?Sounds like I'll have to. Don't fall asleep, okay? Wear something fabulous. Dorsia, remember?
Is that Donald Trump's car?Oh God, Patrick. Shut up.
Are we here?Yes.
Yes.This is Dorsia?
This is Dorsia?Yes, dear.
Luis is a despicable twit.Yes, Luis is a despicable twit. I hate him.
Is it a what?Pull out.
Pull out.I'm ignoring you.
I'm ignoring you.Pull out, goddamnit!
Pull out, goddamnit!What do you want, Courtney?
It's a plain end. I think.Turn the light on.
Oh Jesus. I'm going home.Patrick. Turn on the Light. He turns on the light.
Patrick. Turn on the Light. He turns on the light.It's a plain end, see? So?
It's a plain end, see? So?Take it off.
Take it off.Why?
See? Happy? You dumb bitch? Are you happy, you dumb bitch?Oh God, just get it over with.
Will you call me before Thanksgiving?Maybe.
What are you doing tonight?Dinner at the River Cafe. Au Bar afterwards, maybe.
Dinner at the River Cafe. Au Bar afterwards, maybe.That's nice.
That's nice.You and...Luis?
I never knew you smoked.You never noticed.
Isn't that special? Patrick?Yes, Courtney?
Patrick?Yes?
Yes?Nothing.
I haven't seen you around here.You just haven't been looking.
You just haven't been looking.Would you like to see my apartment?
Do you want to come to my apartment or not?I'm not supposed to. But I can make an exception.
I'm not supposed to. But I can make an exception.Do you take American Express?
Oh this won't be anything like last time, I promise.I don't think so.
Nothing like last time, promise.Alright.
So, you're looking great, how have you been?Well, I actually might need a little surgery after last time.
Well, I actually might need a little surgery after last time.Really?
Really?My friend told me I should maybe even get a lawyer.
My friend told me I should maybe even get a lawyer.Oh, lawyers are so complicated-don't do that. Here.
This is nicer than your other apartment.It's not that nice.
Do...what.Get married. Have a wedding.
Get married. Have a wedding.Evelyn?
Evelyn?Yes, darling?
Yes, darling?Is your Evian spiked?
Is your Evian spiked?We should do it.
We should do it.No-I can't take the time off work.
No-I can't take the time off work.Your father practically owns the company. You can do anything you like, silly.
Your father practically owns the company. You can do anything you like, silly.I don't want to talk about it.
Pat, this is my cousin Vanden and her boyfriend Stash. He's an artist.Hi. Pat Bateman.
Why don t you just go for Price?Oh God, Patrick. Why Price? Price?
Oh God, Patrick. Why Price? Price?He's rich.
He's rich.Everybody's rich.
Everybody's rich.He's good-looking.
He's good-looking.Everybody's good-looking, Patrick.
Everybody's good-looking, Patrick.He has a great body
He has a great bodyEverybody has a great body now.
Are you using minoxidil?No. I'm not. Why should I ?
No. I'm not. Why should I ?Your hairline looks like it's receding.
Your hairline looks like it's receding.It's not.
I want a firm commitment.I think, Evelyn, that we've...lost touch.
We need to talk.Talk about what, Patrick? What is there to talk about?
Talk about what, Patrick? What is there to talk about?It's over, Evelyn. It's all over
You're really serious, aren't you?Yes, I am.
Yes, I am.But what about the past? Our past?
But what about the past? Our past?We never really shared one.
We never really shared one.You're inhuman.
You're inhuman.I'm...in touch with humanity. Evelyn, I'm sorry. You're just not terribly important to me.
No, no, no.I know my behavior is...erratic sometimes.
Oh God, I can't believe this.I'm leaving now. I've assessed the situation and I'm going.
Where are you going?I'm just leaving.
I'm just leaving.But where?
But where?I have to return some videotapes.
Picked them up from the printers yesterdayGood coloring.
Good coloring.That's bone. And the lettering is something called Silian Rail.
Eggshell with Romalian type. What do you think?Nice.
But Laurie Kennedy is a total hardbody. What do you think, Bateman?I know her. I knew her.
Because he dated her.How did you guess?
How did you guess?Girls dig Bateman. He's CQ. You're total CQ, Bateman.
Girls dig Bateman. He's CQ. You're total CQ, Bateman.Thanks, guy, but...she's got a lousy personality.
Do you know what Ed Gein said about women?Ed Gein? Maitre d' at Canal Bar?
Ed Gein? Maitre d' at Canal Bar?No, serial killer, Wisconsin in the fifties. He was an interesting guy.
Listen, what about dinner?Is that all you ever have to contribute, Van Patten? "What about fucking dinner?"
Are you my two o'clock?No.
Can I help you?I'm looking for...Paul Owen's...place.
Doesn't he live here?No, he doesn't.
No, he doesn't.Are you sure?
Are you sure?You saw the ad in the Times?
I think you should go now.But I think...I want to know what happened here.
But I think...I want to know what happened here.Don't make any trouble. Please. I suggest you go.
Don't come back.I won't...don't worry.
Jesus, Davis. Yes. That was hilarious. That was you, wasn't it?Yes, naturally.
Yes, naturally.Bateman killing Owen and the escort girls? Oh that s fabulous. That's rich...
It was a pretty long message, wasn't it?What exactly do you mean?
What exactly do you mean?The message you left.
By the way Davis, how is Cynthia? You're still seeing her, right?But wait, Harold, what do you mean?
But that's simply not possible. And I don't find this funny anymore.It never was supposed to he! Why isn't it possible?
It never was supposed to he! Why isn't it possible?It's just not.
It's just not.Why not, you stupid bastard?
Because I had dinner with Paul Owen twice in London...just ten days ago.No, you...didn't?
No, you...didn't?Now, if you'll excuse me.
Lucky, I guess.That's a wonderful jacket. Let me guess, Valentino Couture?
That's a wonderful jacket. Let me guess, Valentino Couture?Uh huh.
Uh huh.It looks so soft.
It looks so soft.Your compliment was sufficient Luis.
Patrick? Is that you?No, Luis. It's not me. You're mistaken.
Call me please, Patrick.Jesus lives, Luis.
What...is...it?Where are you going?
Where are you going?I've gotta...I've gotta...return some videotapes.
I've gotta...I've gotta...return some videotapes.Patrick?
Patrick?What? CARRUTHERS I'll call you.
Van Patten looks puffy. Has he stopped working out?It looks that way, doesn't it?
I'm not sure, guy, but I don't think dyslexia is a virus.Oh, who knows? They don't know that. Prove it.
Jeez. That's not a helluva lot, is it?Maybe it's just the light.
Maybe it's just the light.Is he fucking selling it by the milligram? Oh my God...
Is he fucking selling it by the milligram? Oh my God...What?
What?It's a fucking milligram of Sweet'n Low!
SHUT UP!Calm down. Let's do it anyway
What's that, a gram?New card. What do you think?
I can't believe that Price prefers McDermott's card to mine.But wait. You ain't seen nothin' yet.
Raised lettering, pale nimbus white...Impressive. Very nice. Let's see Paul Owen's card.
Yes, Caron's right. Gorbachev's not downstairs. He's at Tunnel.Ask me a question.
I'm leaving. I'm getting out.Leaving what?
Leaving what?This.
Don't, I'll drink it.Listen to me, Patrick. I'm leaving.
Listen to me, Patrick. I'm leaving.Where to? Are you going to go get a gram?
Where to? Are you going to go get a gram?I'm leaving! I...am...leaving!
I'm leaving! I...am...leaving!Don't tell me...merchant banking?
Don't tell me...merchant banking?No, you dumb son of a bitch. I'm serious. I'm disappearing.
No, you dumb son of a bitch. I'm serious. I'm disappearing.Where to? Morgan Stanley? Rehab? What?
Marcus Halberstam. For two at eight?Your friend has already been seated. Follow me, Mr. Halberstam.
Dorsia, yes?Yes, can you take two tonight, oh, let's say at nine o'clock?
We are totally booked.Oh really? That's great.
Oh really? That's great.I said we are totally booked.
I said we are totally booked.Two at nine? Perfect.
Two at nine? Perfect.There are no tables available tonight. The waiting list is also totally booked.
There are no tables available tonight. The waiting list is also totally booked.See you then.
Late?Aerobics class. Sorry. Any messages?
I occasionally box with Ricky at the Harvard Club. Anyone else?And...Spencer wants to meet you for a drink at Fluties Pier 17.
And...Spencer wants to meet you for a drink at Fluties Pier 17.When?
When?After six.
After six.Negative. Cancel it.
Oh? And what should I say?Just...say...no.
Just...say...no.Just say no?
Oh, something. . romantic?No, silly. Forget it. I'll make them. Thanks.
No, silly. Forget it. I'll make them. Thanks.I'll do it.
I'll do it.No. No. Be a doll and just get me a Perrier, okay?
No. No. Be a doll and just get me a Perrier, okay?You look nice today.
Yes?Is that the Ransom file? Thanks. Don't wear that outfit again.
Is that the Ransom file? Thanks. Don't wear that outfit again.Ummm...what? I didn't hear you.
You don't like this, I take it?Come on, you're prettier than that.
Come on, you're prettier than that.Thanks, Patrick.
What is it?Patrick?
Patrick?Ye-es, Je-an?
Ye-es, Je-an?Patrick, a Mr. Donald KIMBALL is here to see you.
Patrick, a Mr. Donald KIMBALL is here to see you.Who?
Who?Detective Donald KIMBALL?
Tell him I'm at lunch.Patrick, I think he knows you're here. It's only ten-thirty.
Patrick?Can you bring Mr...
Jean?Yes, Patrick?
Yes, Patrick?Would you like to accompany me to dinner?
That is...if you're not doing anything.Oh no. I have no plans.
Oh no. I have no plans.Well, isn't this a coincidence.
Anywhere you want?Let's not think about what I want. How about anywhere you want.
Let's not think about what I want. How about anywhere you want.Oh Patrick, I can't make this decision.
Oh Patrick, I can't make this decision.No, come on. Anywhere you want.
No, come on. Anywhere you want.Oh, I can't. I don't know.
Soooo...Dorsia is where Jean wants to go...Oh, I don't know. No, we'll go anywhere you want.
Oh, I don't know. No, we'll go anywhere you want.Dorsia is...fine.
Yes? You're dressed...okay.You didn't give them a name.
You didn't give them a name.They know me.
Jean? Sorbet?Thanks, Patrick. I'd love some.
Want a bite?I'm on a diet. But thank you.
Do you have a boyfriend?No, not really.
No, not really.Interesting.
Interesting.Are you seeing anyone? I mean, seriously?
Who's Ted Bundy?Forget it.
Forget it.What's that?
What...No! Put it in the carton.Sorry.
Sorry.Jean? What?
Jean? What?Make someone happy-have you ever wanted to?
Patrick Bateman's office.Jean? Hello? Jean?
Jean? Hello? Jean?Patrick? Is that you?
Patrick? Is that you?Hello? Jean, I need help!
Hello? Jean, I need help!Where are you?
Where are you?Jean-I'm not-
Oh God, what did you say, you dumb bitch?Patrick? I can't hear you.
Patrick? I can't hear you.What are I doing?
What are I doing?Where are you? Patrick, what's wrong?
Where are you? Patrick, what's wrong?I don't think I'm gonna make it, Jean.
...to the office this afternoon.Why?
Why?Just...say...no!
Just...say...no!What is it, Patrick? Are you alright?
What is it, Patrick? Are you alright?Stop sounding so Fucking sad! Jesus!
So, what do you do?What do you think I do?
What do you think I do?A model? An actor?
A model? An actor?No. Flattering, but no.
No. Flattering, but no.Well...
Well...I m into, well, murders and executions mostly.
Oh really? DAISY He said... He said you gave him bad vibes.That's...that's too bad.
That's...that's too bad.You think I'm dumb, don't you?
You think I'm dumb, don't you?What?
What?You think I'm dumb. You think all models are dumb.
You think I'm dumb. You think all models are dumb.No. I really don't.
No. I really don't.That's okay. I don't mind. There's something sweet about you.
Hi, Patrick. I thought that was you.Hello
Hubert's? Oh really? It moved uptown, right?Yeah, well, oh boy, listen, I've got to go. Thank you, uh... Victoria?
Oh, I don't know, Victoria. I'm at work all the time.Well, what about, oh, you know, maybe a Saturday?
Well, what about, oh, you know, maybe a Saturday?Next Saturday?
Next Saturday?Yeah.
She's my...cousin.Uh huh?
Uh huh?She's from...France.
Elizabeth, it's three in the morning.He's a goddamn drug dealer! These are his peak hours.
He's a goddamn drug dealer! These are his peak hours.Don't tell him you're here.
Don't tell him you're here.Why would I?
You're at Paul Owen s.Who?
Who?Paul Owen.
No.Do you have any coke? Or Halcyon? I'd take a Halcyon.
Patrick, you re a lunatic.Come on. Don't you find Christie attractive?
Come on. Don't you find Christie attractive?Let's not get lewd. I'm in no mood to have a lewd conversation.
Let's not get lewd. I'm in no mood to have a lewd conversation.Come on. I think it would be a turn-on.
Come on. I think it would be a turn-on.Does he do this all the time?
Are you telling me you've never gotten it on with a girl?No! I'm not a lesbian. Why do you think I'd be into that?
No! I'm not a lesbian. Why do you think I'd be into that?Well, you went to Sarah Lawrence for one thing.
Well, you went to Sarah Lawrence for one thing.Those are Sarah Lawrence guys, Patrick. You're making me feel weird.
No, I'm sorry. I should've made an appointment. Was that anything important?Oh that? Just mulling over business problems. Examining opportunities...Exchanging rumors... Spreading gossip.
Hi. I'm Donald KIMBALLHi. Pat Bateman. Nice to meet you.
So, what's the topic of discussion?I've been hired by Meredith Powell to investigate the disappearance of Paul Owen.
I've been hired by Meredith Powell to investigate the disappearance of Paul Owen.You're not with the FBI or anything, are you?
You're not with the FBI or anything, are you?Nothing like that. I'm just a private investigator.
Nothing like that. I'm just a private investigator.Ah, I see...Yes. Paul's disappearance...Yes.
Coffee?No. I'm okay.
No. I'm okay.Perrier? San Pellegrino?
Perrier? San Pellegrino?No, I'm okay.
KIMBALL.Mr. Kimball a bottle of San Pelle-
Mr. Kimball a bottle of San Pelle-Oh no, I'm okay.
Oh no, I'm okay.It's no problem
Well, what's the topic of discussion?The disappearance of Paul Owen.
I think his family wants this kept quiet.Understandable. Lime?
Understandable. Lime?No, really. I'm okay.
No, really. I'm okay.You sure? I can always get you a lime.
Just some preliminary questions that I need for my own files, okay?Shoot.
Shoot.How old are you?
How old are you?Twenty-six. I'll be twenty-seven in October.
Twenty-six. I'll be twenty-seven in October.Where did you go to school?
Where did you go to school?Harvard. The Harvard Business School.
Harvard. The Harvard Business School.Your address?
Your address?Fifty-five West Eighty-First Street. The American Gardens Building.
Fifty-five West Eighty-First Street. The American Gardens Building.Nice. Very nice.
Nice. Very nice.Thanks.
Pardon me, but are you okay?Who do you ask?
Who do you ask?You seem...nervous.
Bad habit.I know. I'm sorry.
Would you rather I not smoke?No, I guess it's okay.
No, I guess it's okay.You sure?
You sure?No problem.
What can you tell me about Paul Owen?Well...
How well did you know him?I'm...at a loss. He was part of that whole...Yale thing, you know.
I'm...at a loss. He was part of that whole...Yale thing, you know.Yale thing?
Yeah...Yale thing.What do you mean...Yale thing?
So...there's nothing you can tell me about Paul Owen?He led what I suppose was an orderly life. He... ate a balanced diet.
He led what I suppose was an orderly life. He... ate a balanced diet.What kind of man was he? Besides... the information you've just given.
What kind of man was he? Besides... the information you've just given.I hope I'm not being cross-examined here.
I hope I'm not being cross-examined here.Do you feel that way?
Do you feel that way?No. Not really.
No. Not really.Where did Paul hang out?
Where did Paul hang out?Hang...out?
Hang...out?Yeah. You know...hang out.
He had a yacht?No, he just hung out there.
No, he just hung out there.And where did he go to school?
Anything else you can tell me about Owen?We were both seven in 1969.
We were both seven in 1969.So was I.
So was I.Do you have any witnesses or fingerprints?
Do you have any witnesses or fingerprints?Well, there's a message on his answering machine saying he went to London.
Well, there's a message on his answering machine saying he went to London.Well, maybe he did, huh?
Well, maybe he did, huh?His girlfriend doesn't think so.
His girlfriend doesn't think so.But...has anyone seen him in London?
But...has anyone seen him in London?Actually, yes.
Actually, yes.Hmmm.
Oh.Was he involved at all , do you think, in occultism or Satan worship?
Was he involved at all , do you think, in occultism or Satan worship?What?
Yikes! No. Paul wasn't into that. He followed a balanced diet and-Yeah, I know, and was into that whole Yale thing.
Have you consulted a psychic?No.
No.Had his apartment been burglarized?
That's so typical, isn't it?It's just strange. One day someone's walking around, going to work, alive, and then...
It's just strange. One day someone's walking around, going to work, alive, and then...Nothing.
Nothing.People just...disappear.
People just...disappear.The earth just opens up and swallows people.
The earth just opens up and swallows people.Eerie. Really eerie.
Uh, no. There's one...down here.Oh really? I didn't know that.
Listen, if anything occurs to you, any information at all...Absolutely, I'm 100% with you.
Absolutely, I'm 100% with you.Great, and thanks for your, uh, time, Mr. Bateman.
Detective Kendall...uh Campbell? KIMBALL Kimball. Call me Don.Don.
Don.So...you hang out here a lot?
So...you hang out here a lot?Uh, yes...I mean...whenever necessary. You know.
How's the investigation going? Taken anyone in for "formal questioning?"0h no. Informal conversations, mostly. What's that, Stoli?
0h no. Informal conversations, mostly. What's that, Stoli?Yeah. No Finlandia, as usual. Fucking dump.
I actually came to see Timothy Price, but he's taken a leave of absence.Yeah, gone into rehab. Shame. Is he a suspect?
Yeah, gone into rehab. Shame. Is he a suspect?Not really.
I had a date with a girl named Veronica.Wait. That's not what I've got.
Wait. That's not what I've got.What?
What?That's not the information I've received.
That's not the information I've received.Well...I...Wait...What information have you received?
Well...I...Wait...What information have you received?Let's see... That you were with-
Let's see... That you were with-Well, I could he wrong.
Well, I could he wrong.Well...When was the last time you were with Paul Owen?
Well, thank you, Mr. Bateman.Patrick, please. I hope I've been informative. Long day-a bit scattered.
Never. I mean...I don't really like... singers.Not a big music fan, eh?
Not a big music fan, eh?No, I like music. Just-they're-Huey's too... black sounding. For me.
No, I like music. Just-they're-Huey's too... black sounding. For me.Well, to each his own. So-lunch, Thursday? I'll call your secretary about reservations.
Well, to each his own. So-lunch, Thursday? I'll call your secretary about reservations.I'll be there.
No hash browns?Not in the mood, I guess.
Not in the mood, I guess.But...everyone orders the hash browns here. I mean- it's-have you been here before?
But...everyone orders the hash browns here. I mean- it's-have you been here before?Yes, of course. The hash browns are delicious. I'm just...not... ordering them.
Yes, of course. The hash browns are delicious. I'm just...not... ordering them.Suit yourself, I guess.
So, the night he disappeared? Any new thoughts on what you did?I'm not really sure. I had a shower...and some sorbet?
I'm not really sure. I had a shower...and some sorbet?I think maybe you've got your dates mixed up.
I think maybe you've got your dates mixed up.But how? Where do you place Paul that night?
And?I've questioned him.
I've questioned him.Marcus?
Marcus?Yes. And he denies it. Though at first he couldn't be sure.
Yes. And he denies it. Though at first he couldn't be sure.But Marcus denied it?
But Marcus denied it?Yes.
Yes.Well, does Marcus have an alibi?
Well, does Marcus have an alibi?Yes.
He does? You're sure?I checked it out. It's clean.
I checked it out. It's clean.Oh. KIMBALL Now where were you?
Oh. KIMBALL Now where were you?Where was Marcus?
Where was Marcus?He wasn't with Paul Owen.
He wasn't with Paul Owen.So who was he with?
I'm so hungry.It's cold out, too, isn't it?
It's cold out, too, isn't it?I'm so hungry.
Gee, uh, that's too bad.I'm so hungry.
Why don't you get another one? Why don't , you get another job?I'm not...
I'm not...You're not what? Qualified for anything else?
You're not what? Qualified for anything else?I'm hungry
What am I gonna do?Listen, what's your name?
Listen, what's your name?Al.
Al.Speak up. Come on.
Speak up. Come on.Al.
You re so kind, mister. You're kind. You're a kind man. I can tell.Shhhh...it's okay.
Shhhh...it's okay.Please...I don know what to do. I'm so cold.
Please...I don know what to do. I'm so cold.Do ,you know how bad you smell? The stench, my God.
Do ,you know how bad you smell? The stench, my God.I can't...I can't find a shelter
Hello, Halberstam. Nice tie. How the hell are you?I've been great. And you?
How's the Ransom account going, Marcus?It's...it's...all right.
It's...it's...all right.Really? That's interesting. Not great?
Really? That's interesting. Not great?Oh well, you know.
Oh well, you know.And how's Cecilia? She's a great girl.
And how's Cecilia? She's a great girl.Oh yes. I'm very lucky.
Listen, the mud soup and the charcoal arugula are outrageous here.Yeah, well, you're late.
We should've gone to Dorsia. I could've gotten us a table.Nobody goes there anymore.
So, wasn't Rothschild originally handling the Fisher account? How did you get it?I could tell you that, Halberstam, but then I'd have to kill you.
And Cecelia, how is she? Where is she tonight?Cecelia is, well...you know
Cecelia is, well...you knowEvelyn. Great ass. Goes out with that loser Patrick Bateman. What a dork.
Evelyn. Great ass. Goes out with that loser Patrick Bateman. What a dork.Another Martini, Paul?
Hey, Halberstam?Yes, Owen?
No, Owen.Is that a raincoat?
Is that a raincoat?Yes, it is.
You think so?You'll look like you consciously worked for the look.
You'll look like you consciously worked for the look.Good point. Excuse me, gentlemen.
Is it over?They still have to give 'em refreshments laced with mind-altering drugs.
They still have to give 'em refreshments laced with mind-altering drugs.You are a fanatic.
You are a fanatic.'Gonna wait outside.
Alice? You gotta make him do the start-up with Teddy and me."Make" him?
"Make" him?You know what I mean.
I'm just screwed.You know what he's like. He just wants to work on stuff that's cool.
You know what he's like. He just wants to work on stuff that's cool.You don't wanna move, do you?
You don't wanna move, do you?I can paint anywhere.
It's important.If he's really a bully, he won't cop to it, anyway.
If he's really a bully, he won't cop to it, anyway.Bully? Are we talking about Gary Boyd? Or your dad.
I think that's great, Milo. I do....But?
...But?Didn't you visit the campus?
Didn't you visit the campus?I forgot. That's why you have to help me decide.
I forgot. That's why you have to help me decide.No way. You have this -- destiny.
Don't bring that up. Like a different girlfriend would'd've let you die?You saved my life in alot of ways.
When's Brian coming for the TV?Prob'ly waiting by the phone for Outpost to call. We'll leave it for him?
That took some fun out of --We're not gonna let it.
You know he's never been anybody's counselor before?Milo! What about --?
He's your boss. He's not your --I know, I know.
What!Teddy was killed last night.
Teddy was killed last night.What're you -- what?
What're you -- what?It was a hate crime.
I don't know what I'm saying. Maybe -- maybe they hired those guys.I can't see Outpost putting its reputation in the hands of people like that.
You're scaring me. I think we should just go.Go where? You can't get away from people like this.
Go where? You can't get away from people like this."Like this?" It's Gary you're talking about.
"Like this?" It's Gary you're talking about.You think I don't know that?
You think I don't know that?Milo. Why would he --
I can't just walk away!You can't just walk in, either.
I know how to get in there. But you've gotta help me....Whaddo I do?
...Whaddo I do?So you believe me?
It's almost nine, I've been so worried! What did you see in there?Nothing.
Nothing.Nothing?
...Why?Remember Lyle Barton?
The Justice Department guy who came to the apartment when --I remember.
Guilt?If I'd stayed down there, maybe this wouldn't've happened.
If I'd stayed down there, maybe this wouldn't've happened.Poor baby. You know that's not true.
That was -- different....Different?
Look at this.What?
What?Why doesn't he ask us to his party. He's never even met you.
Why doesn't he ask us to his party. He's never even met you.He has thousands of employees, Milo --
Great!Look at me! I'm gonna change.
You look beautiful.Yeah? Give me a goodbye kiss.
Yeah? Give me a goodbye kiss....What?
Milo?Don't we have any chopsticks?
Don't we have any chopsticks?Oh, right. Hold on.
Here we go.Great.
...wanna savor this.It's gonna get cold.
It's gonna get cold.Right. Wait. A toast.
Right. Wait. A toast.You're just afraid to eat it.
'Didn't mention he was going to the Justice Department?No.
He'll tell me when he gets home.That'll be a test, won't it?
He wasn't acting?I don't think he knows how.
Don't worry, Milo. I'm here as a friend. Or maybe a supplicant.Right... What's that mean again?
Mr. Barton, do you remember me?...It's -- Milo, isn't it?
...It's -- Milo, isn't it?Yes sir. I need to talk to you.
Milo?Yeah. Hi. Thank you for seeing me.
Yeah. Hi. Thank you for seeing me.Have a seat.
What seems to be the problem? You look a little upset.I am. I am, sir.
Milo?My friend, my best friend, Teddy, was killed in Silicon Valley.
My friend, my best friend, Teddy, was killed in Silicon Valley.My goodness.
I -- just wanna help bring these guys to justice. They're neo-Nazis.Let me look into it, see what's being done. Frankly, it's not my area.
Let me look into it, see what's being done. Frankly, it's not my area.'Just didn't know who else to talk to.
'Just didn't know who else to talk to.And Outpost? You're happy there?
And Outpost? You're happy there?Yes sir.
Well I parked illegally. See y'later?'Forgot to introduce you. I have a girlfriend.
You can't pre-empt Yoga, that's our biggest show.Brian! You wanna be a big deal, don't you? That's your dream in life.
What?What'd they ever do for you?
What?!Wanna be a part of history?
You're interfaced with our dish.Gimme the coordinates?
Is it your software?Is it your dish?
What?!He's working backwards, too. Let's do number five?
...When did you know?You should've called a few times to bug me about your job prospects.
Isn't there a stigma? Bankrolling this guy?Stigma? Larry! 60 billion buys you some slack in this world.
Milo. Surprised he's not your guest.We tried!
We tried!You better believe everybody's trying to sign him up.
Milo? I'm Danny.Oh hi.
'Couldn't convince Teddy to come?He's pretty tight with his family.
He's pretty tight with his family.We could move 'em up here.
Who's that?I think they call him the "Houseman." 'Cause "guard" sounds too weird.
Cool!Would you like a Coke or something?
Would you like a Coke or something?Oh. No thanks.
You know a lot about art, I guess.There's a rumor going around, maybe you've heard it.
No! Just waiting for my counselor to come by and introduce himself.Okay. I'm Gary.
'Think I should buy some originals?...Do I?
...Do I?Somebody said I'm just another Philistine. With reproductions.
Somebody said I'm just another Philistine. With reproductions.That's insane. You're ahead of your time.
That's insane. You're ahead of your time.That's what I told her. My wife.
How's it going?Maybe I'm going too fast.
It's okay. Really.Take a look at this. Slightly different approach.
You did this -- overnight?You're making me young again.
Milo. What's up?Well -- you sent for me.
Well -- you sent for me.Right... Right.
You really wrote this just today?What're you implying.
What're you implying.Nothing!
It scales, don't you think?Definitely.
I heard what happened.Were the flags for Teddy?
Did you?Talk about work? Never!
Talk about work? Never!I meant did you find other stuff to --
I meant did you find other stuff to --Oh. Yeah.
Oh. Yeah.You've been coming in early.
Wow. You must have 20,000 lines of code there...34,000. But they're real short lines. 'Just came out that way.
The wrong place?The answer's not in the box. It's in the band.
Gary, hi.You look a little tired.
You look a little tired.I'm okay. It's going well!
I'm okay. It's going well!'Have a look?
'Have a look?Sure.
That's great! Thanks.'Sorry about the late notice...
You could've handwritten it.I'm not much good at handwriting. Or parties.
I'm not much good at handwriting. Or parties.Oh, that's right. You're "clueless."
Gary, I --You see what's hanging on the wall?
This is good. Who did it?'Start-up not 50 miles from here. Kid's on Prozac.
'Start-up not 50 miles from here. Kid's on Prozac.Maybe we should all get on it.
What'd the girl say?There may be a little less trust after your outburst.
Hasn't affected his work, though.Nothing does. Still. I want him to like me.
Help me change the Skywire settings. Add five degrees to each satellite coordinate.Gary, don't worry, we --
Gary, don't worry, we --Just do what I'm asking!
Okay, #2.Longitude 48 degrees 06 minutes --
Ready for number three?Let's go.
Let's go.Longitude 109 --
Longitude 109 --Wait... He knows.
Wait... He knows.What?
What?'Knows I'm altering the coordinates. Let's jump to #12.
'Knows I'm altering the coordinates. Let's jump to #12.Gary?
Gary?Just do it.
I think you should go.You do?
You do?I mean, it's your life.
It's only meaningful when you've got 40,000 lines of code to back it up.Man, could he write code. Totally elegant. He had his own style.
Man, could he write code. Totally elegant. He had his own style.Those really weird, short lines.
Your app kind of blew mine out of the water.We'll come up with the next big thing.
We'll come up with the next big thing....You wanna work -- here?
...You wanna work -- here?Got out of my other commitment.
You guys'll be using Teddy's old space, is that okay?Cool.
Every entry was authorized.Keep looking.
Keep looking.What're we looking for?
What're we looking for?Any irregularity in the pattern.
Delbert seems to enter #21 twice. Without leaving the first time.Let's get him in here.
You calling Phil and Randy?I'm calling Gary.
Come with me.Where we going?
Lisa.You know my name.
You know my name.You know mine.
You know mine.You're famous around here.
You're famous around here.I'm getting a teacher's pet rep.
...Were you?We moved around so much I barely knew my teachers.
We moved around so much I barely knew my teachers.Me too! Were you an Army brat or something?
Me too! Were you an Army brat or something?...Something like that. Yeah.
What've you got there?Graphical interfaces. For Skywire? I'm s'posed to coordinate with you.
Graphical interfaces. For Skywire? I'm s'posed to coordinate with you.Show me.
Did you wanna be alone?No. Please.
Mine's not the CEO. He barely remembers to take a shower.Right, right. But does he ever just, like, hand you code?
Right, right. But does he ever just, like, hand you code?Maybe once. I re-wrote it, anyway.
Maybe once. I re-wrote it, anyway.You're compulsive.
You're compulsive.Mmm-more like -- I have a little trouble. Trusting people.
Mmm-more like -- I have a little trouble. Trusting people.Why's that?
Why's that?Long story. Not that interesting.
That's great. I -- didn't know.She saved my life.
I snuck into #21.Why would you do a thing like --
Is that my -- scenario? Tell me.They'd frame him.
They'd frame him.He's out of prison?
...Milo?Hmm?
Who can we trust?There's always a logical answer -- you just have to define the question.
How close are you?What?
It's a standard GUI. Once I've got a concept, it's maybe three day's work.Gary knows I'm close on Skywire. We have to do this fast.
Gary knows I'm close on Skywire. We have to do this fast.Before they kill somebody else, too.
Before they kill somebody else, too.Oh, man. I'd have to get into Gary's house. To get the satellite positions.
Oh, man. I'd have to get into Gary's house. To get the satellite positions.You mean -- break in?
You mean -- break in?I don't know --
Why were you snooping in my office?Oh. I liked you. I was checking you out.
'Think everybody in this place is here the same reason we are?'Cause their apartments might be bugged?
I told Teddy about you.What'd he say?
What'd he say?"A beautiful geek? What're the chances?"
The dishes are juiced up, too.Thank God.
Yeah, that's old, in a tree.Oh.
Perfect. How am I gonna get away from the party long enough to --You could always say you have to go the bathroom.
You could always say you have to go the bathroom.That's lame, isn't it?
That's lame, isn't it?You'll come up with something.
Meet me at the other location.Tell me you're not calling on your car phone?!
It's three years old, it --Bring it to the other location.
Bring it to the other location.But you said the other --
Maybe it's the satellite.Let's try #2.
...He knows.What?
Latitude 47 degrees.Wait a second. He knows I know.
...You got my E-mail?And your phone messages. You wanna do what you do, it's not a crime.
And your phone messages. You wanna do what you do, it's not a crime.Is that how Larry feels?
Is that how Larry feels?Uh. Not exactly.
Wanted to say goodbye to him...Hey, we got seed money for the startup! A million-five!
But these, like, White Supremacists trashed my office, last week.What?!
They're in the neighborhood. They usually hassle Vietnamese grocers.Jesus, Teddy.
I met this girl.What? Come on. Is it serious?
What? Come on. Is it serious?I don't know.
I don't know.Did you tell Alice?
What d'you mean?I dunno. I guess Larry's got me totally suspicious of that place.
I dunno. I guess Larry's got me totally suspicious of that place.What does that mean?
What does that mean?Milo, geeks don't have two girlfriends. Most don't have one.
Milo, geeks don't have two girlfriends. Most don't have one.I didn't plan this.
So -- how far are we from the campus?Oh we're not going to the campus.
So how'd you like the house?His Snapples were in alphabetical order.
She's a programmer?Heavy graphical background, doing design-interface for Skywire apps. You'll be working with her.
Heavy graphical background, doing design-interface for Skywire apps. You'll be working with her.I've got a girlfriend, remember?
We tried the big vaporware number, Gary, it's no-sale.Can we buy into their IPO? Or is that a Justice Dept. problem?
Maybe he'll get back to work.Speaking of which...
Speaking of which...Yeah, yeah.
There's nothing in this hall. Someone's pulling your chain, as usual.Unless it's a diversion. Milo's in my office. He was tailgating, so I --
That kid's the great white hope.I could get it out of him.
I could get it out of him.You're not listening.
Who're these guys?Where is he?
Where is he?We're too late. Take a look.
You seem surprised to see me.I thought you'd quit while you were ahead.
I thought you'd quit while you were ahead.What, and watch all my earnings go... Down the toilet?
What, and watch all my earnings go... Down the toilet?What do you want, Mr... Cunningham, was it?
What do you want, Mr... Cunningham, was it?Call me Ritchie, Miss Fagina. May I call you Alotta... Please?
Call me Ritchie, Miss Fagina. May I call you Alotta... Please?You may.
You may.Your boss, Number Two, I understand that cat's involved in big underground drills.
Come in.I'd rather talk about Number Two.
May I wash you?Groovy.
In Japan, men come first and women come second.Or sometimes not at all.
Or sometimes not at all.Care for some saki?
Care for some saki?Sak-i it to me!
How do you feel, Mr. Cunningham?Mmmm... I feel extreme relaxation.
Thank you, that's beautiful. To your health.To my health.
To my health.Kiss me.
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?Is it about my teeth?
Is it about my teeth?Yes.
Yes.Damn. What exactly do you do at Virtucon?
Austin Powers? Hi, I'm Andy Warhol.Hey, how are you?
Hey, how are you?Hungry.
Hungry.Here, have this can of Campbell's Tomato Soup.
Just where you'd never think to look for him. We'll be there.Good luck, Austin.
Good luck, Austin.Thank you.
Thank you.Oh, and Austin...
Oh, and Austin...Yes?
Yes?Be careful.
Be careful.Thank you. Let's go, baby!
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE?The shouting is a temporary side- effect of the unfreezing process.
The shouting is a temporary side- effect of the unfreezing process.Yes, I'm having trouble controlling... THE VOLUME OF MY VOICE!
Russian Intelligence? Are you mad?A lot's happened since you were frozen, Austin. The cold war's over.
We won, Austin.Groovy. Smashing! Good on ya! Nice tie. Yea capitalism!
When do I begin?Immediately. You'll be working with Ms. Kensington.
Immediately. You'll be working with Ms. Kensington.You mean Mrs. Kensington?
You mean Mrs. Kensington?No, Austin, Mrs. Kensington has long- since retired. Ms. Kensington is her daughter.
Thank you, Exposition.Oh, and Austin...
Oh, and Austin...Yes?
Yes?Be careful.
Be careful.Thanks.
Thank you, Exposition.Oh, and Austin...
Oh, and Austin...Yes?
Yes?Be careful.
Right away, Exposition.Where is Vanessa, by the way?
She's working on another lead right now.Then you'll have to go it alone. Good luck.
Then you'll have to go it alone. Good luck.Thank you, Basil.
Thank you, Basil.Oh, and Austin...
Oh, and Austin...Yes?
Oh, yes. Thank you.There's one more thing, Austin.
There's one more thing, Austin.Yes?
Yes?Be careful.
Be careful.Thank you.
Thank you, Exposition. Only two things, scare me, and one is nuclear war.What's the other?
What's the other?Excuse me?
Excuse me?What's the other thing you're scared of?
What's the other thing you're scared of?Carnies.
Carnies.What?
What?Circus folk. Nomads, you know. They smell like cabbage.
My God, Austin, what have you done?That's not your mother, that's a man!
I'm sorry, Basil, I thought she was a man.Damn it, man! You're talking about my mother!
I'm leaving! Oh, and Austin?Yes, Basil?
Yes, Basil?Be careful.
Be careful.Thanks.
I'd say that about sums it up, Exposition.Not quite, actually. Vanessa, I have something for you.
Congratulations, Field Agent Kensington!Austin, I have something for you as well.
But, wait, I-- you got me again. Oh, and Austin--Yes Basil?
Yes Basil?Be careful!
Hey Austin Powers, it's me, Mick Jagger.Hey, Mick!
Hey, Mick!Are you more satisfied now sexually, Austin?
Are you more satisfied now sexually, Austin?Well, you can't always get what you want.
Good on ya, man.Groovy!
Yes, I am programmed to answer any question.Really? Let me ask you this. What is love?
Really? Let me ask you this. What is love?That does not compute.
That does not compute.Why not? It's a question.
Why not? It's a question.Love is... love is... love is...
It seems the tables have turned again, Dr. Evil.Not really. Kill the little bastard. See what I care.
Not really. Kill the little bastard. See what I care.Man, you are one chilly square!
That's fascinating, Vanessa. Listen, why don't we go into the back and shag?I beg your pardon?
Excuse me?My wedding tackle.
My wedding tackle.I'm sorry?
I'm sorry?My meat and two veg.
Have you ever made love to a Chigro?A Chigro?
A Chigro?You know, a Chigro... part Chinese, part Negro... Chigro.
You know, a Chigro... part Chinese, part Negro... Chigro.We don't use the term 'Negro' anymore. It's considered offensive.
Sure.Do I make you horny?
Do I make you horny?What?
What?Do I make you horny? Randy, you know. To you, am I eros manifest?
Do I make you horny? Randy, you know. To you, am I eros manifest?I hope this is part of the unfreezing process.
I hope this is part of the unfreezing process.Listen, Vanessa, I'm a swinger... That's what I do, I swing.
I'm sure.I think I'll give that stew a ding-a- ling.
I love Las Vegas, man. Oh, I forgot my x-ray glasses.Here, use mine.
Good morning, luv, who are you on the phone with?Do you want to talk to him?
Good morning, Vanessa! I hope you have on clean underwear.Why?
Why?We've got a doctor's appointment-- an evil doctor's appointment.
A limousine has just pulled up.Let me see.
Hello, hello. That's Dr. Evil's cat.How do you know?
How do you know?I never forget a pussy... cat.
Let's go get him!He's too well-protected right now.
He's too well-protected right now.We can't just sit here, Austin.
I don't get it.Well, you know... cows, and shagging.
Well, you know... cows, and shagging.Unfortunately, while you told that stupid story, Dr. Evil has escaped.
Unfortunately, while you told that stupid story, Dr. Evil has escaped.No worries, luv. We'll just give Basil a tinkle on the telling bone...
I hate having my picture taken.You're crazy. The camera loves you, Vanessa.
Fancy a nibble?I couldn't have another bite.
Watch out, you're on my hair!Sorry. Move your hand to the left. There you go. Gorgeous.
Sorry. Move your hand to the left. There you go. Gorgeous.Go! Just go!
I haven't had fun like that since college.I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.Why?
Why?I'm sorry that bug up your ass had to die.
Always wanting to have fun, that's you in a nutshell.No, this is me in a nutshell.
You're smashed, Vanessa.I am not.
I am not.Oh, yes you are.
Oh, yes you are.I'm not. I'm the sensible one. I'm always the designated driver.
Really, Austin!Look at her hands, baby! Those are carpenter's hands.
Austin, may I have a word with you?Of course, luv.
Of course, I had my nine-millimeter automatic.No, did you use a condom?
No, did you use a condom?Only sailors use condoms, man.
Only sailors use condoms, man.Not in the Nineties.
Basil was very concerned to know where you were last night.Out and about, doing odds and sods.
Do you think she's prettier than I?Who?
Who?You know who.
You know who.No! Don't lay your hang-ups on me, Vanessa. You're being very trippy.
Thank God, Austin, we made it.Yes, act naturally and we'll split this scene the way we came in, Vanessa.
Does that make you horny?Not now, Austin.
No, no, no. We'll use the floss to get to the ledge.Smashing idea! Give it to me.
Not a good time to lose one's head.Indeed.
Indeed.That's not the way to get ahead in life.
That's not the way to get ahead in life.Yes.
Yes.It's a shame he wasn't more headstrong.
It's a shame he wasn't more headstrong.Shut up.
Shut up.Fair enough.
I'm not going anywhere. We're a team.Too right, youth. That's why I need you to lead the troops.
Too right, youth. That's why I need you to lead the troops.I'll hurry back.
It's not what it looks like, Vanessa. At ease, boys.Likewise.
I believe you, Austin. Let's go.Hold on a tick, let me put on my togs.
Follow me! We're going to have to jump over the rail!Are you crazy?
Are you crazy?Don't worry!
I have something to tell you.Lay it on me.
Lay it on me.I love you, Austin.
I love you, Austin.That's fab, because I love you, too, Vanessa.
That's fab, because I love you, too, Vanessa.Kiss me.
Kiss me.Behave!
Danger Powers, personal effects.Actually, my name's Austin Powers.
Actually, my name's Austin Powers.It says here, name Danger Powers.
It says here, name Danger Powers.Danger's my middle name.
That's not mine.One credit card receipt for Swedish- made penis enlarger pump, signed Austin Powers.
One credit card receipt for Swedish- made penis enlarger pump, signed Austin Powers.I'm telling you, baby, that's not mine.
I'm telling you, baby, that's not mine.One warranty card for Swedish-made penis enlarger pump, filled out by Austin Powers.
Hi, folks. You're entering a restricted zone. Can I see your security badges?Sure.
Everything seems to be in order.Hey, wait a minute--
Here, have a piece of gum.Here, have a piece of gum.
Don't mind if I do.Hey! Wait a minute, that's my last piece of gum.
No, no, I want you to have it, even if it's my last piece.No, no, I want you to have it, even if it's my last piece.
No, no, I want you to have it, even if it's my last piece.I'm going to go across the street and get you some sherbert.
Noooooooooooooo!Where did you learn to shoot?
What are you saying, son?It appears to be in the shape of Bob's Big Boy, sir.
Shut up.Should we scramble TacHQ for an intercept?
Should we scramble TacHQ for an intercept?What's its current position?
Commander, I have to log it...That's a direct order. You didn't see a thing!
We could not anticipate feline complications due to the reanimation process&emdash;Silence!
We've got a lot of work to do.Someone help me! I'm still alive, only I'm very badly burned.
Someone help me! I'm still alive, only I'm very badly burned.Some of you I know, some of you I'm meeting for the first time.
Ow! You shot me!Right. Okay. Moving on.
Right. Okay. Moving on.You shot me right in the arm! Why did--
My son?Yes. Scott!
Quite impressive.Thank you, Herr Doctor.
Dr. Evil?Yes, what is it? You're interrupting my moment of triumph.
Sea bass.Right.
Right.They're mutated sea bass.
They're mutated sea bass.Really? Are they ill-tempered?
Really? Are they ill-tempered?Please allow me to demonstrate.
We've heard from Scott, now let's hear from you.The details of my life are quite inconsequential.
The details of my life are quite inconsequential.That's not true, Doctor. Please, tell us about your childhood.
But Scott, who's going to take over the world when I die?Not me.
An evil vet?No. Maybe, like, work in a petting zoo or something.
No. Maybe, like, work in a petting zoo or something.An evil petting zoo?
Fascinating. What are your plans for this evening?Thought I'd stay in. There's a good tittie movie on Skinemax.
Thought I'd stay in. There's a good tittie movie on Skinemax.And that's how you want to live your life, is it?
And that's how you want to live your life, is it?Yeah. What?
Scott, I want you to meet Daddy's nemesis, Austin Powers.Why are you feeding him? Why don't you just kill him?
Why are you feeding him? Why don't you just kill him?In due time.
I don't want to.Don't you want to see what Daddy does for a living?
Don't you want to see what Daddy does for a living?Blow me.
Blow me.What did you say?
What did you say?Show me.
Dad, we just made a breakthrough in group!I had the group liquidated, you little shit. They were insolent.
Virtucon alone makes over nine billion dollars a year.Oh, really? One-hundred billion dollars. OK, make it happen. Anything else?
Oh, hello Vanessa. How was the flight?Great.
Great.How's Austin?
How's Austin?He's asleep.
He's asleep.You didn't...
You didn't...Oh, God no, I made him sleep on the couch.
I'm proud of you.Why?
Why?Because you managed to resist Austin Power's charms.
I just don't see it.Just wait. Once Austin gets you in his charms, it's impossible to get out.
Just wait. Once Austin gets you in his charms, it's impossible to get out.Did you ever...
Did you ever...Of course not. I was married to your father.
Of course not. I was married to your father.Did you ever want to?
No, it's been too long. Best to leave things alone.I'm on with a friend! Look, I'd better go. I love you.
I'm on with a friend! Look, I'd better go. I love you.I love you, Vanessa.
So, Scott, why don't we start with you. Why are you here?Well, it's kind of weird.
Well, it's kind of weird.We don't judge here.
And how do you feel about that?I don't wanna take over the family business.
We don't label people here, Scott.No, he's really evil.
No, he's really evil.Scott.
We're not yet open for business, I'm afraid.Shame. I was recommended. By a friend.
Shame. I was recommended. By a friend.Really?
Normally, we'd be eager to oblige --Seriously?
... bottle ...Red ...
Red ...... head ...
Knight ...Black...
Black...... death ...
... death ...Love...
Love...... death ...
Flower ...... power ...
Nature ...... preserve...
... preserve...Secret ...
Secret ...... love...
... love...Hope...
Hope...... love ...
... love ...Fear ...
Fear ...... love ...
... love ...Peter ...
How long have I been here?Three days.
Would that I could say the Same.Ah, but you haven't see the real me. Watch closely ...
YouHave we met?
Have we met?You mean you don't recall??
Ah, beautiful. Just as he promised.Promised? Who promised?
Promised? Who promised?There, look!
May I help you, madam ...Mr. John Steed, please.
Mr. John Steed, please.I'm afraid that's impossible.
I'm afraid that's impossible.Impossible?
You are female?As you see.
As you see.Then you can't come in.
Then you can't come in.I have an appointment.
I have an appointment.No women. Not in Boodles. Not since 1922.
No women. Not in Boodles. Not since 1922.Really -- what happened in 1922?
Sir August ... ? Sir August ... ?Eh? In here!
Your voice -- it's so familiar ...We have met ...
This isn't a game.Quite right, but we still make the rules.
Quite right, but we still make the rules.Rules are made to be broken.
Rules are made to be broken.People, too.
People, too.Then who wins?
Hmmm ...Looks like rain, Steed...
My number two. Special assignments. She's --Let me guess -- 'Father'?
Father will be your controller. Steed here will show you the ropes.Ropes?
Would it be possible to use it for military purposes?Directed by laser. Bounced by satellite. Quite possible.
I resign.You need treatment, Mrs. Peel. You can't resign.
You need treatment, Mrs. Peel. You can't resign.Watch me.
What are you trying to do to me?We want to help...!
The death of Peter Peel was a great loss. To us all ...To you ... ?
The Institute ... the funding ...A cover ... for us. I'm sorry...
Who?Quite frankly ... it could have been you.
To find out who killed my husband.The doors and walls are monitored, Mrs. Peel. This is a very secure establishment.
The doors and walls are monitored, Mrs. Peel. This is a very secure establishment.So am I.
About your next assignment, Mrs. Peel ...Next assignment?
Ahem. As I was saying, perhaps another macaroon ...Thank you, Steed.
Good luck ... Peter ... Emma.Thanks, Valentine ...
You.Darling Emma -- yes, we: the true genius behind the Prospero Project ...
Dr. Darling, Peter ... all you ...An unholy trinity ...
An unholy trinity ...You killed my husband.
You killed my husband.For starters. Of course I had to kill the Teddy Bears, as well ...
For starters. Of course I had to kill the Teddy Bears, as well ...Too many cooks --
But I found you. All the clues led me here ...Of course. I planned that, too.
Of course. I planned that, too.But -- why?
'Our revels now are ended.'Oh, no, Emma. They've only just begun ...
Think of this as your second wedding feast ...I'm already married ...
You know, I believe she's actually jealous.Valentine, listen to me ...
Valentine, listen to me ...Right, bridesmaid. Now what have I left out? Oh, yes, I know: the ring.
Right, bridesmaid. Now what have I left out? Oh, yes, I know: the ring.Ring?
What are my choices?Choices?
Choices?I'll never marry you.
Doctor Peel, I presume?And you must be Steed. Please don't get up.
I was about to throw in the towel.I had a spot of bother at the door.
I had a spot of bother at the door.I shouldn't wonder. Not a woman inside Boodles since --
I shouldn't wonder. Not a woman inside Boodles since --1922. Why the kippers?
1922. Why the kippers?Red herring would have been too obvious, don't you think?
Red herring would have been too obvious, don't you think?So what was all this -- some sort of test?
Rules are made to be broken.Not by me. Play by the rules, Doctor, or the game is nothing.
Not by me. Play by the rules, Doctor, or the game is nothing.And just what is the game?
Under the circumstances, you may call me Mrs. Peel.Much better.
I didn't. Mother did.Mother?
... Showers followed by sunny periods.We're not here to talk about the weather, surely.
Ah ... From Trubshaw's. My shoemaker.A kipper. Or a red herring? What were they investigating?
My father always wanted a boy.Really? I fail to see the connection.
Really? I fail to see the connection.I had a feeling you would. Touche!
Do you?Yes indeed. I need protection.
I thought we were on our way.Oh, absolutely, but Trubshaw's a man worth meeting. No point setting out half shod.
Oh, absolutely, but Trubshaw's a man worth meeting. No point setting out half shod.Or half cocked.
You can but I wish you wouldn't ...Thank you, Trubshaw ...
That place is so absurd, so out of date ...Do you really think so?
And I suppose you're the knight.The most unpredictable piece on the board. And always ready to protect his queen.
Sir August Merryweather ... why are we seeing him first?As per mother's instructions.
As per mother's instructions.Do we always follow Mother's instructions?
Do we always follow Mother's instructions?For a man in my position --
They call me in when they've reached a dead end. Freelance. Like yourself.I have no choice. Why should you risk your life?
No thanks.I meant me.
June, July ... August?The family does seem to be somewhat meteorologically inclined.
The family does seem to be somewhat meteorologically inclined.Any other vices?
So ... I distract him while you snoop around? How?Small talk. Try the weather.
Ah, Brenda ... Mrs. Peel?You should be dead. How do you feel?
You should be dead. How do you feel?Strange.
I wasn't about to.I mean your man Trubshaw. Your bullet-proof waistcoat. I thought you were just overdressed.
I mean your man Trubshaw. Your bullet-proof waistcoat. I thought you were just overdressed.I might say the same.
Did he say who?No. But he must know. Incidentally, my double left you with this.
An invitation. To a 'formal picnic'...?Did you say formal? I must dress.
I must say, you look more your old self --You mean my other self ...
You mean my other self ...Either way ... may I ask: why you dress in that fashion?
Either way ... may I ask: why you dress in that fashion?I should have thought that was obvious ... I'm in mourning.
Colonel Crabtree. International Satellite Systems. Formerly of the Ministry.How on earth can you tell?
Elementary, Mrs. Peel. Trubshaw isn't the only shoemaker still practicing his trade ...Very good, Steed ...
What on earth?Any ideas?
Any ideas?Well, he was a fellow of the Royal Zoological Society ...
Well, he was a fellow of the Royal Zoological Society ...Is that written in his shoe?
Is that written in his shoe?Common knowledge, Mrs. Peel ...
Common knowledge, Mrs. Peel ...She had this in her mouth. There, there...
ButDon't bother. Here's a bus ...
Not quite. This is my field.Is there anything that isn't?
But if someone miniaturized the process...That's what we were working on.
That's what we were working on.Sounds as if someone's hijacked your research.
Three agents killed by bad weather...... And by you, Mrs. Peel ...
Is that what you think?Oh, well ... Just my type, Mrs. Peel.
What, Lady Disdain? Are you yet breathing?Barely.
This must be the last straw.Here's the one that broke the camel's back.
Here's the one that broke the camel's back.Someone didn't want us to get to the party.
Someone didn't want us to get to the party.I expect we'll have to gatecrash.
Steed ... !Mrs. Peel ... ?
Was I?I expect that's for you to know and me to find out ...
I expect that's for you to know and me to find out ...It was Peter -- I saw him ...
You followed me.Orders.
Orders.To kill me?
To kill me?Nothing personal.
I could save you the trouble.No trouble.
No trouble.Because you always obey orders ...
Because you always obey orders ...Always. Except ...
Yes ... ?... when I don't. It comes down to one thing, Mrs. Peel. Trust.
Mmm ... what are you doing?Keeping a stiff upper lip?
Keeping a stiff upper lip?Is that all?
But you did suspect me.Not for a moment.
Not for a moment.You're playing games.
You're playing games.Aren't we all, Mrs. Peel?
Aren't we all, Mrs. Peel?I thought you played by the rules.
I thought you played by the rules.I thought you didn't.
I thought you didn't.I'm playing to win.
I'm playing to win.Winning isn't everything.
Winning isn't everything.Please don't tell me it's how you play the game.
Please don't tell me it's how you play the game.After you -- Mrs. Peel ...
No, after you.You don't trust me?
You don't trust me?As far as you trust me.
I told Mother I took care of you.You lied.
Drat. Someone wants to implicate you in this affair, Mrs. Peel. Any idea who?No idea who. No idea why ...
No idea who. No idea why ...Teddy bears, cuckoo clocks, toys All children's things ...
Teddy bears, cuckoo clocks, toys All children's things ...... Or grown-ups, who still like to be children.
... Or grown-ups, who still like to be children.Quite. Any childhood friends? Enemies?
Quite. Any childhood friends? Enemies?Not to speak of. Peter and I were both loners. There was nobody.
His name's Jones. 'Invisible' Jones.Why's he called 'Invisible'?
Why's he called 'Invisible'?You'll find out.
Aren't you coming?I'll catch you up. Don't worry; he's expecting you.
We must hurry, Mrs. Peel ...Hurry? What for? I'm just now --
Hurry? What for? I'm just now --You didn't tell her?
There's a reception this evening. Colonel Jones thinks it advisable we attend.Have we been invited?
What's that you're wearing?It's called Black Leather.
It's called Black Leather.Intoxicating. Here, have one of these.
What is it?Limpet bomb. Small, very compact. From Trubshaw's.
Limpet bomb. Small, very compact. From Trubshaw's.When all this is over, we simply must get you out of that suit.
When all this is over, we simply must get you out of that suit.You first.
You first.Shall we?
Trubshaw again? What now?Snuff. I must insist you try some.
They're playing your song, Mrs. Peel.'The Merry Widow?' I might have known. Where's the reception?
Bad news. Father's looking for you. Where are those bloody ministers?Have a look at this.
I'll be back ...Where are you going?
No bother. Mother and Father think I've joined you. I might as well.But --
Mrs. Peel?What kept you?
What kept you?The plot. Hello, we must be going ...
'The owl and the pussycat went to sea -''... in a beautiful pea green boat...'
'... in a beautiful pea green boat...'A fine night, Mrs. Peel ...
A fine night, Mrs. Peel ...Still a bit chilly ...
Have you any place in mind?As a matter of fact I have ...
I don't recall Siberia being this warm, Steed.It's the latest thing, Mrs. Peel.
It's the latest thing, Mrs. Peel.Our little paradise -- just made for two?
Our little paradise -- just made for two?Not quite.
Our chaperon.Pity your mother came, too ...
Ah ... sun tan lotion. Any shops nearby?Must be. Trubshaw's busy. I'll send Mother ...
Your mission is simple. Find out how and why these agents died.I'm no spy -- where do I fit in?
You don't believe him?It's Mother you have to convince. He's very agitated. Wait here.
Ah, here we are. Steed asked me to play a hunch: Valentine Peel.Peter's brother? But --
Peter's brother? But --Half-brother to be precise.
Surveillance? By whom?Father. She gave him an 'all clear' after a security test by Dr. Darling.
Father. She gave him an 'all clear' after a security test by Dr. Darling.Who's now vanished.
Who's now vanished.Makes two of us.
I was getting to it.Getting to what?
Privately owned by ...Let me guess: Wonderland Weather.
Let me guess: Wonderland Weather.Very good, Mrs. Peel ...
Very good, Mrs. Peel ...I shall need a small plane.
I shall need a small plane.You're not venturing alone, surely.
A series of bizarre shifts in local weather patterns ...Global warming?
We know one thing. That suspect was not Mrs. Peel.So you say ...
Oh, hello ...We want Mrs. Peel.
We want Mrs. Peel.Dead, I'm afraid.
SteedHow did you guess?
How did you guess?You reek of Mrs. Peel's Black Leather ...
Mother. I thought you were burglars.Brenda and I thought we'd drop in.
Weather's turning nasty.You didn't come to talk about the weather, surely.
Think she really killed those agents?She may not know. Theory goes she may be very ill.
She may not know. Theory goes she may be very ill.Amnesia?
Amnesia?Possibly. Split personality ...
Possibly. Split personality ...Insane ... ?
Insane ... ?Who knows? If Dr. Darling is right, you should watch out.
Who knows? If Dr. Darling is right, you should watch out.Why?
Why?She may try to kill you.
Anyone particular in mind?You.
Pity. I was growing fond of Mrs. Peel. Unfortunately --Guilty until proven innocent?
Guilty until proven innocent?Mother and Father know best.
Where?In your operation.
Are you alright, young man?I think so, thank you so much ...
Cocky little bastard. I hope he was a baddy.I feel sure of it.
I feel sure of it.I'm Alice. Mother said you'd be on your way. Mrs. Peel with you?
I'm Alice. Mother said you'd be on your way. Mrs. Peel with you?She was ...
You with Mother or Father?Both, actually.
Wonderland Weather Ltd.This way ...
Mrs. Peel -- ?Ask not for whom the telephone rings ...
Ask not for whom the telephone rings ...No, please! I beg you ...
No, please! I beg you ...Walk over to the window ...
Walk over to the window ...Let it be rain, please let it be --
Let it be rain, please let it be --Stay by the window. By the window.
John Steed.Valentine Peel. I see you've gone back to using your original face.
Valentine Peel. I see you've gone back to using your original face.The last one you'll ever see.
The last one you'll ever see.Perish the thought.
You're better than I expected.I was at Harrow ...
I was at Harrow ...But did they teach you this?
Bang-bang ... you're dead.You wish.
One shot -- for emergencies.That's not playing by the rules.
That's not playing by the rules.Rules are made to be broken.
Rules are made to be broken.If you say so.
If you say so.I do.
You said ... one shot.Did I? My mistake.
Aren't you forgetting about something?You are, and it's behind you.
You are, and it's behind you.Come, come. You don't really expect me to fall for --
I think she really likes you ... Where's Mrs. Peel?Ugh ...
What's happening?Debbie's marrying Rick.
Debbie's marrying Rick....Really?
Does Cole know about this?Really -- you went with him for two years.
Look at that guy. What a hunk.Check out the other guy's buns.
Debbie... I don't believe it. I'm so excited.Bobbie, what are you talking about?
Bobbie, what are you talking about?O'Neill just tole me. It's sooo great... I don't believe it.
You're kidding.Nah. Everything's cool... I took care of 'em.
That's what we're going to find out...I feel like I'm spying on Rick.
Deb, we're pretending to be hookers.Right in here. The big show starts in one minute.
I'm glad you guys came by... What's the occasion?Rick's got an important announcement to make.
Rick's got an important announcement to make.Yeah. What is it?
What?You're kidding.
Yeah, man. Let's throw a bachelor party with drugs, booze and broads.Yeah. Right. All the things that make life worth living.
Where's the women, man? We gotta have women.Chulo, one thing at a time.
Chulo, one thing at a time.Sex is my one thing. I'm good at it.
Hey, you guys, what's going on?We're going for a little liquid refreshment.
I've decided not to run for President.Too bad, man, that blows my chance to be Ambassador to France.
Man, you're losing your audience.Okay... This is it... I'm getting married.
Yes, gentlemen. Saturday after next, I lose my amateur standing and turn pro.Hey, man, congratulations!
I hope so. Hundred bucks apiece is a lot of dinero.What time are we supposed to get to the hotel?
All right!When do the girls get to the party?
Denmark makes great Nautilus equipment.I'd like to jerk and press those babies.
And...Bond... James Bond.
Cole. Don't you know it's bad luck to see the groom before the wedding?I want Debbie.
I want Debbie.Cole...
Cole...You dump her and I'll give you cash.
You dump her and I'll give you cash.What's Debbie's blue book value right now?
What's Debbie's blue book value right now?Five thousand dollars.
Five thousand dollars.No.
Seventy-five hundred.Not interested.
Not interested.Okay, ten thousand plus a G.E. toaster oven, a Litton microwave, a Cuisinart...
Okay, ten thousand plus a G.E. toaster oven, a Litton microwave, a Cuisinart...I'm marrying Debbie.
I'm marrying Debbie.Michelin tires... brand new. A set of Sears Best metric tools...
Michelin tires... brand new. A set of Sears Best metric tools...What is this person's story here?
Rick, I want to talk to you.Ah, Cole. I don't remember ordering an asshole from room service.
I don't want any trouble.Oh, come on, just a little.
Oh, come on, just a little.I'm ready to make you another deal.
I'm ready to make you another deal.Ooh, be still, my heart.
Ooh, be still, my heart.See that down there? That's my most prized possession. My new Porsche.
Great car.The best.
The best.I love that car.
I love that car.I'm very happy for you two.
I'll trade you my Porsche for Debbie. An even swap.The car for Debbie?
The car for Debbie?I mean it. The car is yours. Dump Debbie.
I mean it. The car is yours. Dump Debbie.Gee, guys, what should I do? The car or Debbie?
Low mileage... Handles like a dream.So does Debbie.
Shit, shit, shit, shit. My car's gone!Maybe it had something to do.
Maybe it had something to do.Shit!
Rick... Debbie is mine. She'll always be.Cole, when was the last time you had a lobotomy?
Cole, when was the last time you had a lobotomy?You've had it. I'm gonna get you.
Cole, what the hell are you doing?She's mine!
Hello?Mr. Thomerson.
Mr. Thomerson.Yes, son, did you find out where the bachelor party is?
Yes, son, did you find out where the bachelor party is?Yes I did.
Yes I did.Fine. How's everything going?
Hi, everybody. Am I late?Not at all. We're just finishing lunch.
So, Cole, you been practicing your game?Sure have...
Nice shot.Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.I know you're as unhappy as I am about Debbie's marriage to Rick.
I know you're as unhappy as I am about Debbie's marriage to Rick.Yes, sir, I am.
Yes, sir, I am.Cole, I don't want you to give up on her.
Cole, I don't want you to give up on her.I've tried to change her mind.
I've tried to change her mind.It's not her mind you need to change. It's Disneyland head in there.
It's not her mind you need to change. It's Disneyland head in there.But how can I do that?
Thanks for the advise, sir.Keep me informed.
Some fat slob in the next booth is making a lot of noise.Well, tell the asshole to shut up.
Well, tell the asshole to shut up.Right. Hey, shut up. Okay, sir.
Take hold of yourself. What room are they in?1002.
Cole?Over here, Deb... in the Smokehouse.
Cole, we've got to talk.Finally realized Rick's a jerk, huh?
Finally realized Rick's a jerk, huh?No, Cole, I...
Cole, I'm marrying Rick.You're marrying him? Then why are you coming back to me?
I'm going now, Cole.I understand, Deb. 'Bye... be happy.
God, you're a slob.But a fabulous cook.
But a fabulous cook.What are we having?
What are we having?It's either meatloaf, Swiss steak or charred flesh. I won't know till it's finished.
It's either meatloaf, Swiss steak or charred flesh. I won't know till it's finished.I think your dinner's burning.
Not as much fun as the bachelor party the guys are throwing for me.You're going to have a bachelor party?
It looks awful.Yes, but looks are deceiving... Not in this case, however.
Yes, but looks are deceiving... Not in this case, however.Are you going to have women at your party?
Are you going to have women at your party?No, sweetheart, it's a stag party. Does stay home.
No, sweetheart, it's a stag party. Does stay home.I'm not talking about does. I'm talking about hookers.
I'm not talking about does. I'm talking about hookers.Oh, those. Why do you ask?
Oh, those. Why do you ask?Because from what I've heard, it's a tradition and you're a traditional guy.
Huh? Wha...I can't sleep.
I can't sleep.Oh... I got something for that.
Stop fooling around... I need to talk.What's the matter?
What's the matter?I don't know... I just feel scared.
I don't know... I just feel scared.About what?
Before or After I have my nervous breakfown?C'mere.
That feels so great.Good...
Good...Um... that's very relaxing.
Um... that's very relaxing.Now, I want you to lie down and drift off to slumberland.
You better not have too much joy.Wouldn't think of it. Because tomorrow... We're going to the chapel and we're...
Wouldn't think of it. Because tomorrow... We're going to the chapel and we're...Gonna get married...
This is it, lady. Last stop.Can't I just go with you guys?
Can't I just go with you guys?Sorry, we got men's business to do. It's no place for a lady.
Remember, you promised... no screwing around.Did I promise that? I don't remember that...
Did I promise that? I don't remember that...You're really pissing me off.
Okay, I promise... I swear on my mother's grave.Your mother's not dead.
Your mother's not dead.Well, if I go back on my word, I'll kill her.
Have a good time. Don't make it too late.Anything you say, ma'am. Have a fun shower. Use soap.
Anything you say, ma'am. Have a fun shower. Use soap.I love you.
Don't turn on the lights, sugar. I'll lead you around.How wonderful. A seeing eye hooker.
How wonderful. A seeing eye hooker.Why don't you get undressed.
I can't trust you!C'mon, I knew it was you.
C'mon, I knew it was you.Rick, you're lying!
Let go of me!Debbie, I'm telling you, I didn't do anything, hardly.
I don't believe you.You don't believe me? Okay, fine.
Yes...Great. Now, what do you want to do about it?
Great. Now, what do you want to do about it?Let's get naked.
Let's get naked.You're on.
Are you okay?Yeah.
Ilene, Rick promised...Debbie, don't be naive. Men are pigs.
That doesn't mean it was Rick's party.Debbie, men are pigs -- if they can have women, we can have men.
Ilene, are you crazy?I know what I'm doing... Go!
Why is Cole here?You know your father enjoys his company.
A strange wang right in my palm.Ilene, we don't really know that.
What kind of job? I'm a housewife.Quiet, Mother.
I hope Ilene's all right.I hope those guys are all right.
Congratulations on your daughter's wedding. Who's she marrying?A real turd.
A real turd.Well... hope she'll be very happy.
Great bathing suit.I think I screwed that one once.
Thanks for helping us out, Ed. We appreciate it.Any time, Al.
So we want your best girls, the cream of your crop.Let's see your bread.
Park View Hotel, Room 1002.They'll be up there in a half hour.
They'll be up there in a half hour.Okay. Nice to meet you both.
Jumbo, where the hell are the women?What are you talking about, asshole?
What are you talking about, asshole?Your whores never showed up.
Your whores never showed up.They left an hour ago, pink nuts.
They left an hour ago, pink nuts.Screw you!
That's it, prick lips.What are you...
What are you...I've had it, numb nuts... How much money you got?
I've had it, numb nuts... How much money you got?Why?
Why?Because I'm pissed off. Now give me your cash.
Give him the works.That's more like it.
Gary, you're quite an animal.Screw you...
Let's go.Isn't he incredible, gets along with everybody.
Give the guy air. Everyone to a neutral corner.What's going on?
It's true.This place should have been wall to wall tits by now.
This place should have been wall to wall tits by now.Guy paints a beautiful picture.
Guy paints a beautiful picture.I'm going to see what the hell happened.
I'm going to see what the hell happened.Looks like the only one who got screwed here was you.
Looks like the only one who got screwed here was you.Screw that.
Hookers beat you up?Yes.
Yes.I didn't know you were into that.
Gary, how we doing, big stallion?Rick, I really think I'm in love.
What can I be doing for you?You're a pimp?
You're a pimp?I'm telling you I am, Joe.
I'm telling you I am, Joe.I want women.
I want women.That I got. Very good women. They sit on your face, anything you want.
That I got. Very good women. They sit on your face, anything you want.I'll take some.
I'll take some.Big problem now. Soon they go to customers.
Big problem now. Soon they go to customers.I need them for a bachelor party at the Park View Hotel.
Sold. 45 minutes. No problem.Not one minute longer or Milt will come for you.
Not one minute longer or Milt will come for you.Milt?
I hate her. I hate her guts, the bitch.Larry, you and your wife got problems?
Is that all the coke in the place?That's it.
That's it.Good.
You want to share it?Naw, two on a Quaalude... bad luck.
Naw, two on a Quaalude... bad luck.Right.
My marriage is the worst. All crap. A big pile of shit.Maybe your marriage should lay off grains for a while.
Guys, I think I'd rather stay here.C'mon, Larry. Be good for you.
C'mon, Larry. Be good for you.I just want to be alone.
Lar... sometimes when people are mad they say things they don't mean.No, she hates me... I want to end everything here... now.
You okay?Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, I guess so.Really?
Really?Yeah. I see you're right. C'mon, let's party.
What the hell are you doing?I'm trying to slash my wrists.
I'm trying to slash my wrists.You're trying to kill yourself with an electric razor?
You're trying to kill yourself with an electric razor?I couldn't find any razor blades.
Hi, guys. We brought back a friend.It's Bullwinkle.
It's on the tenth floor.What do you know, they moved it. Catch you later.
You're all under arrest. Open up!Your attention, please. May I be the first to say, It's a raid!
Oops!All right, who serves?
Rick, hit the ball easier, son. You don't have to kill it.Can't I just maim it a little?
Rick, I want to cut through the b.s.I'd love that.
Welcome, welcome, one and all.Rick!
Rick!Oh, no!
The end.No sob story is going to change my mind.
Er... perhaps we ought to stop now.No. Let's at least finish the set.
The thought of that person marrying my daughter makes me want to upchuck.You can tell a man by his friends.
Ed... you're kinky!The phone made me do it!
The phone made me do it!You've been having strange sex...!
You've been having strange sex...!No, Brett, I...
No, Brett, I...It's all right... So have I.
How are we doing? My name is O'Neill. And you are...?Klupner. Mrs. Klupner.
Klupner. Mrs. Klupner.Mrs.?
Mrs.?I'm separated.
I'm separated.Then there is a God. Why don't we take that baby picture.
Where the hell is he?Knowing Larry, he probably missed the flight.
What's the matter?Nothing... Let's get crazy!
We'll spend an hour with "Nymphos Without Pants"...Olivier's in that, right?
Olivier's in that, right?Then it's on to the real thing.
Excuse me, but this is as arousing as a stroll through the Vatican.This isn't right.
I'm not really hungry.C'mon. I insist.
What the hell is that?My gift to you.
My gift to you.Under the table!
Under the table!The best table in the house.
I think you'll enjoy this table.So long, Father.
Rick, I'm concerned.About what?
About what?This is your bachelor party. You haven't had sex with anyone yet.
This is your bachelor party. You haven't had sex with anyone yet.Get a few drinks into me, we'll dance and see what happens.
Oooooo.Right in there, pal.
Right in there, pal.If I'm not out in a half hour, send for the paramedics.
If I'm not out in a half hour, send for the paramedics.That's the old Rick!
Who was that?I don't know.
I don't know.What's this?
What's this?Got me.
How 'bout this?Still drawing a blank.
He look familiar?Very.
Very.C'mon. Get the hookers in a circle. We better put Cochise out of business.
Now, don't get into any trouble.Take care.
Hey, you guys...Who's your friend?
Reach out and snort someone.I'm saved. Let's party!
Guess who's here? Another surprise guest.Who?
Who?Debbie.
Debbie.My Debbie?
My Debbie?What's with her costume?
You always were sneaky, Stan, very sneaky.Rick, marriage will be good for you. It's done wonders for me.
Rick, marriage will be good for you. It's done wonders for me.True, you're a lot handsomer now. Don't you have enough blood already?
FRANCIS You're late again, Rick.I know, Sister, but I have a very good excuse.
I know, Sister, but I have a very good excuse.FRANCIS There can be no excuse for tardiness.
FRANCIS Get going, Rick... you're late enough as it is.Right... Think it over.
How the hell are we supposed to get this donkey inside?I don't know.
I don't know.What? I thought you told me you had it all figured out.
What? I thought you told me you had it all figured out.Maybe I did... I don't remember.
Maybe I did... I don't remember.I'd love to get you in an operating room. Just once.
Can you believe how perfect it fits?Yeah. Who'd have thought they'd both be a size 138 regular.
Oh these moments do try me...Be gentle.
Wash it to the windows?No, we'll hit the son of a bitch head on.
No, we'll hit the son of a bitch head on.It's gonna flash, Stevie. We gotta get behind it.
You know Knowlton pretty well?Yeah...
Yeah...Kind of an asshole, wasn't he?
Biggest in two battalions.We're gonna be okay, man...
Adcox, go with Pengelly and check the other side.It isn't safe, man. Don't go splittin' us up. Not with this one.
Let me take the lead, Stephen...Goddamn it Adcox! Just do your fucking job!
Aw man, Stephen, listen to me...-- What the fuck were you thinking, huh? Burning people? You're a fireman.
-- Knock it off!-- You can't let him turn you against your friends, man --
You stupid son of a bitch! What the fuck are you doing!Stevie... I...
Hey, baby McCaffrey. First one's the clincher. You did okay.My Lt. might have something to say about that.
Is he...He's alive.
You gotta let me finish --Just come down, John. Just --
It doesn't go like that.Who asked you?
Doesn't work on you. See ya around, little brother.Not likely.
I like what you've done with the place.It's comin' along... want a beer?
My God, an actual operating 8-track.What, you've never seen one before?
What, you've never seen one before?In the Field Museum once.
In the Field Museum once.It works.
It works.It worked when you were in sixth grade.
People actually used to pay you for this?Millions, Stephen -- And sexual favors.
Millions, Stephen -- And sexual favors.Sheep don't count.
Sheep don't count.Yeah? What about Laura --
Yeah? What about Laura --That was never proved.
There's only so much technology can do. Thanks for the beer.Thanks for the speakers.
Yeah, you know. You know what it felt like.I gotta do this, Stephen. I gotta know.
I gotta do this, Stephen. I gotta know.I think you're gonna find out, Brian. Don't be late tomorrow.
Ya love it, probie?I'm in heaven, Lt.
I'm in heaven, Lt.Hook us up to a stand-pipe.
Goddamn it Stephen!-- I told you to stay next to me!
C'mon ladies, let's roll some hose...-- Never mind.
Thanks.Brian -- -- See ya tonight.
Hey.Hey.
So you got a 'roid going with Jackson or what?Nah, he's nothin'. It's just sometimes... sometimes you just gotta punch somebody out, y'know?
Jesus, it's too damn bright in here... Like a goddamn spotlight... I'm goin' blind...This?
This?Yeah... too bright...
Roll the hose.What, are you kidding? By myself?
What, is it the stairs? Christ, I'll let you win next time.You got a problem with drilling, probie?
Ready?Christ, Stephen, let's wait for the hose team...
Christ, Stephen, let's wait for the hose team...Listen to it, Brian... Jump when I say... It won't get us.
You okay?I waited... I would have fucking waited...
Look, you are sorta making yourself fair game.Thanks for the insight.
Thanks for the insight.Brian, look --
Brian, look --Just leave me alone, okay?
Hey, what are you doing here?Just... Just wanted to say hello...
Just... Just wanted to say hello...So hello.
I saw it.Saw what?
Saw what?When dad died, I saw another fire...
When dad died, I saw another fire...Everybody did.
Maybe I do. ...What a fuckin' mess, huh? People can change Brian.Sometimes right when you're looking at them.
Oh God, Stephen, what's going on with you?I don't know, Brian... I don't know...
-- Stephen, wait a minute. I gotta talk to you. It's Adcox, he's ---- What are you doing here?
I know.How do you know?
How do you know?I knew when you came looking for the chemicals. Looking for me.
I knew when you came looking for the chemicals. Looking for me.-- What were they doing there?
-- What were they doing there?They were for the fucking boat, Brian.
Anything else?What are we going to do about this?
What are we going to do about this?I'll handle it.
I'll handle it.We gotta go to Rimgale, Stephen.
We gotta go to Rimgale, Stephen.I'm his Lt. He's my responsibility. I'll handle it. Me.
You're his Lt., Stephen... Are you gonna handle it? Are you Stephen?Shut up!
"You never know till the fire stares you down if you're gonna be --"Oh shut up, huh? I think I broke my goddamn arm...
Don't tell them about Adcox... Don't let 'em...I'm sorry... I'm sorry I thought... I won't.
Brian.Jennifer.
Jennifer.You're back.
You're back.You look great.
You look great.Thanks for calling.
Thanks for calling.Uh... I've been sorta keeping a low profile... the academy... I graduated today.
Uh... I've been sorta keeping a low profile... the academy... I graduated today.Huh.
Huh.So... I see you're still in the neighborhood.
So... I see you're still in the neighborhood.Not quite. Just visiting. I live in Lincoln Park now.
Not quite. Just visiting. I live in Lincoln Park now.Yeah? What have you been up to?
Yeah? What have you been up to?I work for city hall.
I work for city hall.Really? No kidding.
Well, if nothing else, it's nice to know we can still be friends.I don't want to be your friend, Brian.
With grenadine, right?When I was twenty.
When I was twenty.Oooh, very sophisticated. Having fun?
Boy, took you all of thirty seconds to blow that.C'mon Jennifer, he's just another North-Side jag-off with a mouth.
...Okay. I'll arrange things with your assignment captain. Marty's a good man, Brian.Yeah...
Arson.Straightest answer your department's given me all week.
Hey.How's it going?
How's it going?Boss and I are up to about three words an hour.
I could use a date.Yeah? Well, maybe I can fit it in...
Hi.Hey... So are you dating your boss or what?
Sorry. Are you dating anyone?You think that's really any of your business?
You think that's really any of your business?Well, you did invite me here.
Well, you did invite me here.Marty did. But I wanted you to come to.
Okay.Boy, Rimgale's as slow as a snail, isn't he?
But Rimgale's probably going to come around to arson.In a dinosaur kinda way, yeah.
Thanks for the invite.Got anything to drink in there?
Got anything to drink in there?Oh, there might be something stashed away for emergencies.
Then why did you quit?I wanted to be a good one.
Brian. What's wrong?You told Swayzak about our arson lead. It's all over the fucking news.
-- Bullshit! You knew what I told you wasn't ready for the papers --Will you please keep your voice down, there's people --
I was doing my job.Yeah? And just how much of all this has been "doing your job"?
Hi.Hi.
Hi.We still talking? Look, I'm sorry about the other day --
I don't know anything about it.You could check. It'd be in his files.
You could check. It'd be in his files.Do you know what you're asking me to do?
Do you know what you're asking me to do?Yes.
What is --Just take it.
I'm sorry.That's a dumb thing to say.
That's a dumb thing to say.You're right.
I think your boss is going to need some spin control.I quit two days ago, Brian.
I quit two days ago, Brian.What'll you do?
What'll you do?I don't have the slightest idea...
I don't have the slightest idea...I'll see ya around, huh?
I'll see ya around, huh?It's a small town.
Okay, here's the deal. I'll tell you a story, you tell me one. Fair?Who's doing this?
Then who ---- No no, your turn. Tell me a story.
-- No no, your turn. Tell me a story.I don't have a story.
I don't have a story.Sure you do.
The outlets.That's a probie answer. You're smarter than that, Brian.
That's a probie answer. You're smarter than that, Brian.Trychticholorate.
Oh Jesus Christ...Not such a far walk after all, is it, Brian?
I need another one, sir.Sorry, but it's out of my hands. Try again next year.
Uh, I'm Brian McCaffrey. Your new assistant.Your Dennis' kid. I work alone.
Are you still here?Get used to me, Inspector. I'm not going anywhere.
Get used to me, Inspector. I'm not going anywhere.Then go find a corner. I don't want you in my way.
Where are you going?Pest control.
-- Shhh.What are you listening to?
Glass?Do we have a language barrier here? Glass.
Uh, I don't think that's in my contract...I just re-wrote your contract. C'mere...
Read."Trychtichlorate is a binary structured --"
"Trychtichlorate is a binary structured --"-- Go to the bottom. Under heat properties.
But the right guess on this is arson.I don't guess.
No, we have a stone killer trying to make a point.Are you going public with this?
In a word, Brian, what is this job all about?Fire.
Well Brian, I guess you can say it's arson now...How ya feeling?
Did you pull me out?Yeah.
Yeah.Did I say thanks?
Did I say thanks?No.
No.Just wondering.
Just wondering.I hate hospitals. You're so... so goddamn useless...
Your brother was a good man.Yeah.
Brian?Hi, Helen. Man, you look great.
Hi, Helen. Man, you look great.You look like... Brian.
'Bout written you off. How long have you been in town?Four months.
Four months.Four months?
That's Sean? Jeez, he's a giant.Yeah, you'd be surprised what three years can do to a kid.
Yeah, you'd be surprised what three years can do to a kid.Sean, come on out, man. What, you forget your favorite uncle?
Sean, come on out, man. What, you forget your favorite uncle?Stephen told him you were killed in a hot tub accident.
Well that's two things to strangle Stephen for. Where is he, anyway?Stephen's not staying here now, Brian. He moved out last April.
Oh, man, I'm sorry.You guys ought to try picking up a phone once in awhile.
Yeah. Big fan.And I'm a huge fan of what you did to save that woman, Brian.
And I'm a huge fan of what you did to save that woman, Brian.Uh, I think there's been a mistake. I didn't save that woman.
Uh, I think there's been a mistake. I didn't save that woman.No need to be modest, Brian.
No need to be modest, Brian.No, you don't understand, I saved a mannequin.
Every little boy's fantasy.Brian, let me come to the point. I'd like to offer you a job.
Brian, let me come to the point. I'd like to offer you a job.I have a job.
Mr. McCaffrey...Nice boat.
Nice boat.It isn't mine. Let's get a picture.
Completely out of control.What the hell are we waiting for?
Aren't you even curious?Engine 115, right?
Engine 115, right?How'd you know? These are supposed to be sealed.
How'd you know? These are supposed to be sealed.Lucky guess. And a case of scotch to a captain in station assignments.
Lucky guess. And a case of scotch to a captain in station assignments.You crooked son of a bitch. Why 115?
Man. Something sure put a crimp in his evening.Backdraft.
Management were pin heads."Laguna Jamming, Custom Surfboards"?
"Laguna Jamming, Custom Surfboards"?Coffee sucked.
Coffee sucked.And just this year, "Brian's Sound Spectrum". Your own company even. Big step.
And just this year, "Brian's Sound Spectrum". Your own company even. Big step.I was ahead of my time.
I was ahead of my time.You know, I've got a perfect little spot here for "Brian McCaffrey, Fireman"...
Who's going to die?Brian. He's not doing it right, dad. He never does it right.
Brian. He's not doing it right, dad. He never does it right.Well, let's have a look.
Fireman shit?Hey, what's with the mouth? Where'd you grow up, a barn?
Hey, what's with the mouth? Where'd you grow up, a barn?Firehouse.
Firehouse.Cute.
I hate it when we gotta fucking go look for it.Call in another alarm. We're gonna need some back-up.
Stevie? Rimgale's here to see you.I'm busy.
I'm busy.He just wants to --
He just wants to ---- I'm busy goddamn it, okay?
We gotta roll, Stevie...I'll be there.
I'll be there.They're waitin' man.
They're waitin' man.I'll be there, goddamn it!
Uh, Helen, I wanted to talk to you a second about Sean...Stephen, I'm kinda busy here, can we talk about this later?
You can't talk about my brother like that...Here we go...
Stephen, what are you doing here?Fixing my roof.
Fixing my roof.It's not your roof anymore.
Where's Sean?He's got piano lessons.
He's got piano lessons.Oh yeah? How's he doing?
Oh yeah? How's he doing?He's going to be a fireman.
He's going to be a fireman.Give up, babe. You can't fight it. Believe me, my mom tried...
Give up, babe. You can't fight it. Believe me, my mom tried...Stephen, you gotta stop just showing up on the roof like this.
-- You remember.Yeah... I just thought I should say, I don't know, something.
Yeah... I just thought I should say, I don't know, something.The great communicator.
The great communicator.Sorry I hit Jackson.
Sorry I hit Jackson.He deserved it. He was born deserving it.
He deserved it. He was born deserving it.He treats you okay?
He treats you okay?Okay.
Okay.I treated you better.
I treated you better.You treated me like shit.
You want some coffee?Coffee? Nah, I gotta go.
He's out.I know he's out, but how's he doing?
Hey, I'm the first one to admit when I'm wrong.Yeah? When was the last time?
I'm sorry... I... couldn't sleep...What's wrong?
Cook and I are almost finished here. Have a seat.Stephen... I... can I talk to you a second...
Look, I'm sorry I ---- No, that's okay. It's just Sean...
Putty? On both doors?There's something else kinda interesting...
Anyway, down here, take a look...McCaffrey, hold this for us.
Probably got in Cosgrove's clothes in a gas state from the fire.What the hell was it doing in the fire?
What the hell was it doing in the fire?That's your job.
Shadow.How ya doin', Ronald. Staying comfortable?
How ya doin', Ronald. Staying comfortable?Didn't think you'd make it.
Didn't think you'd make it.Wouldn't miss this for the world, pal.
Wouldn't miss this for the world, pal.Who's this?
Who's this?He works for me.
He works for me.Is he a fireman? I like firemen.
Is he a fireman? I like firemen.You like everybody, Ronald.
You don't know him.I know you.
Knock it off. Now.Tell him about me, Shadow?
Did he tell you how we finally met?Nobody cares, Ronald.
Nobody cares, Ronald.Oh, but it's a good story, Shadow. You're depriving our famous young friend here...
Sure Ronald? You're ready alright.Absolutely.
-- Burn them.And old ladies?
And old ladies?-- Burn them.
-- Burn them.And the world -- the whole world.
And the world -- the whole world.-- Burn it all.
...He wasn't listening to the right thing...What do you listen to, Stephen?
What do you listen to, Stephen?You don't know... nobody knows...
You don't know... nobody knows...I might.
It knows us. This one knows us.I need that report, Lt.
Alderman Swayzak.Investigator Rimgale.
Investigator Rimgale.I need to get in the trunk.
Inspector.Alderman.
When are you going to catch the prick that's doing this, Don?"Don?"
"Don?"Don't you have any leads at all?
Don't you have any leads at all?No Marty, I don't.
Is there a connection between them, Alderman?Just catch the son of a bitch.
Mr. Swayzak! How ya doin'?Investigator...
Susie's not a virgin anymore.She's fucking nine years old! Jesus Christ.
People.You believe that man is the be-all and end-all?
You believe that man is the be-all and end-all?Yeah.
Yeah.OK. OK. Fine. But -- do you believe in God?
Christ! Shit! I could kill them all with my bare hands.Who?
Who?Those fucking Mob assholes.
C'mere. You got some good blow, right?Yeah.
Yeah.Then c'mere. I got something for you.
But you could do it, baby. We could use the bread...You mean you could use it.
You took the chalice.WOMAN Yes.
WOMAN Are you all right, honey?I was gonna bring it back myself.
So what are you doing here?WOMAN He wants to know who brought in the chalice.
The rich kind. Jeez, man. The way you smoke that shit is suicide.Fuck you. Just give me back a little something for the road.
How are you doing, man?Very good. Very good. The Mets are gonna win tomorrow.
Uh - right. Sure. The Mets are gonna win tomorrow.I know. Take care of yourself, man, OK? Be cool.
I forgive you.Me?
Me?I forgive you.
I forgive you.Please. Please don't forgive me. I've always hated you for that.
Large?All right, cop. I want my money.
Oh, really?Yeah, really. I'm no fucking asshole, man. I'm a fucking cop!
I got them all going for Oakland. With bullshit money. We'll cover the $800.All right. What are you gonna do?
All right. What are you gonna do?I want 15 on the Mets.
I want 15 on the Mets.How about 7 1/2?
Are you sure?Yeah. I'm sure.
OK asshole. You owe thirty grand. Now what are you gonna do?I wanna go double or nothing on the next game.
I wanna go double or nothing on the next game.Double or nothing? Are you fucking out of your mind?
Double or nothing? Are you fucking out of your mind?I'm not gonna let that bastard take my money
I'm not gonna let that bastard take my moneyTake your money? This guy will blow up your house and everyone in it!
Fuck Strawberry. You're gonna end up owing 60 G to a homicidal maniac!That's my problem. Just put in my bet.
Do you have the money?What money?
What money?Don't bullshit me.
I don't got it. Not tonight. You can't get blood from a stone.This psycho can.
This psycho can.Oooo... Big fucking scary guy. Just put $120,000 on tomorrow's game.
How's the case going?What case?
Yeah. Sure. Yeah. We're on it bigtime. Lots of leads. You bet.That 50 G could help you --
Yo, Big Black, we needs a name for this joint.How 'bout...
BLAK OUT. BLAK LISTED. BLAK BALL. Need I say more.B-L-A-K it is.
Keep trying.I'm on it.
He gots to be did.Did he gots to be.
You truly are a dancing fool.Yo Black, you looking for trouble.
Everybody say Ho!Ho!
YEAH!Alright. Here we go. Let's go NIGGERS! LET'S GO NIGGERS!
Alright. Here we go. Let's go NIGGERS! LET'S GO NIGGERS!Let's go NIGGERS.
Let's go niggers!Louder. They can't hear you.
You idiot. You almost gave me a massive coronary.I didn't mean to scare you like that.
I didn't mean to scare you like that.Well you did.
Well you did.Give me some?
I'm not callin you Big Black Africa. Mommy and Daddy named you Julius.BIG BLACK is the first name and AFRICA is the last.
Damn, Sis, you don't keep no food up in here in dis' piece.I order out mostly. So what do I owe this visit to?
Delacroix.Yeah, him.
Yeah, him.What makes you think he would write a show about the Mau-Mau's.
The Mau-Mau's are up in dis place. That's right, the Mau-Mau's.What's your name?
What's your name?My righteous name is BIG BLACK.
My righteous name is BIG BLACK.And what are the Mau-Mau's going to do for us today?
And Big Black from Brooklyn, what do you do?What do I do?
What do I do?What do you do?
What do you do?I'm a revolutionary.
Life is beginning to look up. It's all good in da neighborhood.You might be right.
You might be right.Why are you smiling so?
I'm not smiling.Naw, not you. It can't be. That hottie Sloan Hopkins.
Naw, not you. It can't be. That hottie Sloan Hopkins.It's that bad, huh? It's all over my face.
Certified ladies' man, huh?She's also moorish.
What's that?Moorish. Ya get a little taste of dat booty, ya wanna get some MORE.
Moorish. Ya get a little taste of dat booty, ya wanna get some MORE.Seconds and thirds, too.
Seconds and thirds, too.Sloan is all 'dat. I try her. I'm a tri-sexual.
Sloan is all 'dat. I try her. I'm a tri-sexual.You'd try anything. I got first dibs. You get ya own stuff.
You'd try anything. I got first dibs. You get ya own stuff.Naw, just jokin'. That's you. That's you.
DeLa - what's the matter with you.You ain't happy about the green light?
What's wrong with him?Must be the pressure.
Please, have a seat.Sloan never told us she had friends like you.
Sloan never told us she had friends like you.In fact, we never knew she had any friends period.
Why they gotta make my nose so big?Look at my lips.
I'm not drinking the Kool-Aid.What are you talkin' about?
What are you talkin' about?Jim Jones, y'know. I'm not drinking the Kool-Aid.
Jim Jones, y'know. I'm not drinking the Kool-Aid.Meaning?
Meaning?I'm out.
I'm out.Good. I've got a broken back from carrying you all these years anyway.
Good. I've got a broken back from carrying you all these years anyway.So that's what you been doing?
So that's what you been doing?Damn skippy.
Damn skippy.You're in this up till ya neck.
You're in this up till ya neck.Don't shoot me, I'm just the piano players.
Don't shoot me, I'm just the piano players.You can walk away. We both can.
You can walk away. We both can.Yeah, that's easy for you to do. You never had any talent.
Good morning, Cheeba.Good morning to you, Mr. Delapot.
Good morning to you, Mr. Delapot.De-la-croix.
De-la-croix.Y'know what I mean. Got a gig yet for Manray and I yet?
Sloan and I have been looking all over for you.You'd take no offense if we called you DeLa for short?
You'd take no offense if we called you DeLa for short?No offense.
No offense.Manray needs a job.
How much?First things first. I have to know if Manray is up for this.
What kind of show is this gonna be?Different.
What about in the mean time? Not the in between time?You'll both get an advance and you can stay with me.
Nice to meet you.And this is Manray.
We might need some mo' money behind this.That can be done.
I'm starvin' like Marvin.My world famous, famous world Arroz con pollo will be ready very soon.
My world famous, famous world Arroz con pollo will be ready very soon.Hurry up, I wanna watch HBO.
Hurry up, I wanna watch HBO.Did we get our bill yet?
Chill, I'm the brains behind this outfit.And I'm the feet.
We was coming to see you.If it's not too much trouble could you order us some food?
If it's not too much trouble could you order us some food?We're starving.
That ain't funny.DeLa, I don't know 'bout this.
Manray, Sloan says you're too talented to be dancing on the street.Well do something about it.
My tap shoes.EUREKA!!
What do I have to do?Some tap dancing, some singing.
Some tap dancing, some singing.Where do I sign?
DeLa, I'm aboard. As long as I get to hoof and get paid too!!!That's right. Money turns the wheel.
I would like to change your name.To what?
To what?You're now Mantan.
Why?You have to start getting into your character.
Mantan?Mantan!!
I'm not playin' myself no mo'.How you sound?
How you sound?I won't do it anymore.
I'm always gonna be that. But I ain't doing no more buck dancing.No costume. No blackface.
...exactly thirty-two minutes ago.I'm sorry I'm late.
I'm sorry I'm late.Do you know how much information can be dispensed in one minute alone?
Do you know how much information can be dispensed in one minute alone?I didn't find out about this very important staff meeting until...
Four minutes ago.So are you telling me everyone knew about this get-together except you?
I would prefer you not use that word in my presence.NIGGER. NIGGER. NIGGER. NIGGER.
The name of the show?It is called: MANTAN - THE NEW MILLENNIUM MINSTREL SHOW.
What are there character traits?Ignorant, dullwitted, lazy, and unlucky.
Ignorant, dullwitted, lazy, and unlucky.Exactly!
And Sleep 'n Eat is his comical sidekick?Yep, you guessed it.
Yep, you guessed it.This could be bigger than "Amos and Andy."
Mantan right here is a gifted hoofer. He has educated feet.Who are the other characters?
We gonna hit 'em wid da BOMB DICKEY on dis' one. What's the setting?In the projects. Like Eddie Murphy's "The PJ's."
That'swhatI'mtalkin''bout. That'swhatI'mtalkin''bout! He's off the hiz-hook!We think so.
We think so.Sleep 'n Eat, what do you do?
You're telling me some white boy is gonna direct this pilot?I just want you to meet him. Keep an open mind.
I just want you to meet him. Keep an open mind.Besides, what does he know about Negroes?
I'm gonna leave you two creative geniuses alone.Dunwitty, don't leave.
They didn't even view a rough cut, just some scenes we quickly cut together.This has to be a big mistake.
Hold on a sec, I got a call.Hello, Mommy, let me get rid of this other call.
Hello, Mommy, let me get rid of this other call.I gots to go, it's my Moms.
What do you want?I want to speak with you.
I want to speak with you.Go away, unless you got my money.
Go away, unless you got my money.It's me, Peerless.
Son. Good to seeya. Good to seeya.It's been a long time.
It's been a long time.Pull up a chair. Oh, excuse me, this is my lady DOT.
Pull up a chair. Oh, excuse me, this is my lady DOT.Pleased to meet you.
Good woman. I trained her right.Daddy, she's younger than me.
Purely for medicinal purposes.I thought you had promised Mommy you stopped.
I did. I'm not an alcoholic. I just like to drink.How did you end up here?
That's the only reason, period. They only want one certain kind of black comic.Another one of your conspiracies to hold ya career back?
Enough about me, what's happening with you?The same old, same old. Trying to get my stuff through.
Dem white boys giving you a hard time?Nuthin' I can't handle.
Where do you go from here?Three nights Charleston, South Carolina.
Three nights Charleston, South Carolina.I didn't mean that, in life.
I love you too, Daddy.Always keep 'em laughing.
Glad to meet you, too. You are all your father talks about.Is that so?
How long has my father been like this?Not that often. He was excited to see you.
Not that often. He was excited to see you.So he drank himself into a stuper?
So he drank himself into a stuper?The drinking is for the pain. It doesn't kill it, just dulls it.
The drinking is for the pain. It doesn't kill it, just dulls it.So what's up with you?
Don't tell him it's from me or he won't take it.Your father is proud of you.
He never showed it.He did the best way he knew how, Junebug is stubborn just like you.
How was it?Why didn't you tell me about this staff meeting?
Why didn't you tell me about this staff meeting?Nobody told me anything.
Nobody told me anything.What good are you if you don't tell me stuff like this?
What good are you if you don't tell me stuff like this?It wasn't my fault. If I would have known, I would have known.
Manray!Manray!
How did you know?It hit me like a ton of bricks.
Manray was under our nose the whole time.Do you know how you will use him?
Do you know how you will use him?Not yet, but this thing will never get made.
Sounds risky to me.You getting cold feet?
You getting cold feet?I'm in till the end.
I'm in till the end.Good. I'm going to need your support.
Good. I'm going to need your support.Can't you just quit? Walk away?
Hello.This is Cheeba.
You okay?I feel like somebody hit me upside da head with a sledgehammer.
What is your problem?My problem is MANTAN THE NEW MILLENIUM MINSTREL SHOW.
This is the group I was telling you about.Which one is your brother?
Which one is your brother?The big one.
You've said that already.I'm gonna slit my wrists. Cut my throat. For the love of Joseph.
Just want to say good luck.Break a leg.
Your life will never be the same.Let's leave the man in peace so he can get ready.
Let's leave the man in peace so he can get ready.We both lied to him.
We both lied to him.What do you want me to say?
What do you want me to say?Just don't lie to me.
Same here.The pleasure is mine.
Who's side are you on?I'm sorry, I can't help it. It's too funny.
What would their reaction be? I hadn't the foggiest.Everybody shut up.
So you have your small victory, now what?A small victory isn't that small when you've been use to losing.
What is this?A gift.
A gift.For what?
For what?No matter what you think, you did come up with something unique. Open it.
The Jolly Nigger Bank.This is authentic, not a repro, circa turn of the century.
This is authentic, not a repro, circa turn of the century.Thanks.
Thanks.I thought it was appropiate.
I thought it was appropiate.Is that good or bad?
Why'd you do that?I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear it.How long have you and Hambone been hangin' out?
How long have you and Hambone been hangin' out?You're the one that put us together. We're friends.
You're the one that put us together. We're friends.That crazy brother of yours doesn't think so.
That crazy brother of yours doesn't think so.He's just playing big brother.
He's just playing big brother.Oh, is he? You getting jiggy with Mantan?
Oh, is he? You getting jiggy with Mantan?Please don't go there.
DeLa, you should try it sometime. Come into the light.Light?
This is crazy.That's why it will be so much fun.
Otherwise. I trust you know the difference. You're an intelligent woman, finished at NYU.DeLa, kiss my big black ass.
DeLa, kiss my big black ass.And that's how you got me in the first place.
Don't make me have to use this.I didn't think this was in your studies at NYU.
I told you but you wouldn't listen. You never listened to me.Give me the gun.
Yes, your name?He, I'm Mona.
He, I'm Mona.Hi, Mona.
David, I appreciate your comments. Anybody got an ideas? Everybody just talk out loud.I've always liked the format of Rowan and Martin's "LAUGH-IN."
Can I kiss you too?Naw. I'll take the zero.
Naw. I'll take the zero.You feel good, not nervous?
You feel good, not nervous?I feel fine.
I feel fine.Not nervous? Relaxed?
Not nervous? Relaxed?Sloan, will you take your boss out of here so I can get ready.
So they can be on TV.You sound like the media.
You sound like the media.This is nothing. It will blow over by tomorrow.
This is nothing. It will blow over by tomorrow.Same thing Giuliani said.
No joke. Serious.Hope the same thing doesn't happen to me. That's some big shoes to fill.
Hope the same thing doesn't happen to me. That's some big shoes to fill.In time.
No.You getting scared because some people don't like what you are doing?
You getting scared because some people don't like what you are doing?Yo, DeLa, they tried to lynch my black ass up in dat piece.
Yeah.And now is definitely not the time to bitch up.
You shouldn't even be mad at me over Sloan.What you did is dead wrong.
Mantan, we got a show to tape.My name is Manray, goddamnit.
You must think I'm some kind of fool.It looks delicious.
C'mon, Mommy, don't start with that I'm an ungrateful son stuff.I said no such thing. All I said is that something must be wrong.
It was. It is. But this is a different kind of show.If at first it's not what you want, just work that much harder, Peerless.
If at first it's not what you want, just work that much harder, Peerless.Mommy, please don't call me that.
Peerless, I didn't raise a buffoon. We have enough of those on television already.Please let me know when you hear from Daddy, get a number or something.
Peerless, your father called.I'll be right over.
He wants you to come and see him.He said that?
He said that?Yes he did.
Yes he did.Where is he?
Where is he?He's performing at some place outside of Richmond, Virginia.
He's performing at some place outside of Richmond, Virginia.I can't go all the way down south.
Richmond is not all the way down south.I don't even know why you're still concerned over him. Daddy's not with you.
I don't even know why you're still concerned over him. Daddy's not with you.Regardless, he still is your father.
Regardless, he still is your father.It's gonna be hard for me to get away with the show taking off.
It's gonna be hard for me to get away with the show taking off.Even more reason to see him. He'll be overjoyed with your success.
Of course I'm happy for you. You've worked very hard for your success.Yes I have, very hard. Has Daddy called?
Yes I have, very hard. Has Daddy called?No.
No.Not at all?
Not at all?You know how your Daddy is.
I won't forget. When are you coming up here to see your mother?Soon.
Where are you from?Helsinki, which is the capital of Finland.
Helsinki, which is the capital of Finland.Finland.
Finland.You know, Finlandia vodka? Yes?
A fiasco. A disaster. A boondoggle. An abomination.Did you just ask me what's a Negro? I'M A NEGRO!!!
How did you get this gig?My visual style is very erotic, sexy, how do you say - hot?
My visual style is very erotic, sexy, how do you say - hot?This is a TV show, not a music video.
Good luck, Jukka. Do a good show.Thank you very much. I always try my best.
Myrna is here to help us plan our strategy.The best defense is offense.
Let Myrna finish.Thank you. And always smile.
I never had a really real pair before.You've never had any formal training, either?
You've never had any formal training, either?Not a class, not a thing, just picked stuff up by myself.
You sing and dance?A little. I just graduated from NYU film school. Cinema studies.
A little. I just graduated from NYU film school. Cinema studies.So what's up with you and DeLa?
So what's up with you and DeLa?What do you mean?
What do you mean?Are you and him kicking it? Knocking boots. Y'knowwhatI'mtalkin'bout.
If that was suppose to be a compliment, I thank you.You're welcome. You shouldn't give up on performing.
You're welcome. You shouldn't give up on performing.Why do you say that? You've never seen me.
Our guest tonight is the extraordinary, talented performer, Mantan. Thanks for coming in.Tavis, thank you for having me.
This is my best friend Sleep 'N Eat.EAT And this is my very best friend Mantan.
We both left the hustle and bustle of Uptown, Harlem...EAT ...the big apple, New York, New York.
EAT ...the big apple, New York, New York.To come back to our roots.
To come back to our roots.EAT Our Alabamy Home. Now we're getting countrified. We is Bama's.
EAT Tell 'em what you mean Mistuh Mantan.Well, thank you Mistuh Sleep 'N Eat.
Well, thank you Mistuh Sleep 'N Eat.EAT Give or cousins some of dem educated feets.
Y'know my lady Lucindy?EAT The one with da big...
EAT The one with da big...Not her, the one with the little...
Not her, the one with the little...EAT Oh her.
EAT No, not that. How 'bout...She hates dem.
She hates dem.EAT Too bad. How 'bout a dress?
EAT Too bad. How 'bout a dress?Sleep 'N Eat, one of dem slinky, sexy, little foxy...
Sleep 'N Eat, one of dem slinky, sexy, little foxy...EAT Mantan, way too short, too tight. Get her one of dose...
EAT Mantan, way too short, too tight. Get her one of dose......to big. The in-between one, not too tight, not too lose.
...to big. The in-between one, not too tight, not too lose.EAT That'll work. I just bought one for myself.
EAT Not for me, my woolly headed cotton pickin' friend for...I thought you got rid of...
I thought you got rid of...EAT ...that was Vicki, her best friend. Dat dress will cast ya round...
I heard ya lady is wild.EAT No. That's her second cousin. Who's married to Li'l Bit.
EAT No. That's her second cousin. Who's married to Li'l Bit.Oh, because on our first date, she let me...
Oh, because on our first date, she let me...EAT ...no, she didn't...
EAT ...no, she didn't......yes she did.
...yes she did.EAT ...I heard different, thought that was...
EAT ...I heard different, thought that was......not that time...
...not that time...EAT So when are you comin' to pick us up?
EAT So when are you comin' to pick us up?Around...
Around...EAT ...too early...
EAT ...too early......then what about...
...then what about...EAT ...too late, maybe around...
EAT ...too late, maybe around......perfect...
...perfect...EAT That's what I like about you and me. We git along...
EAT That's what I like about you and me. We git along......like macaroni and cheese...
...like macaroni and cheese...EAT ...like grits and butter...
EAT ...like grits and butter......like fried and chicken...
I fell out of my bed last night.EAT You slept too near where you got in?
EAT You slept too near where you got in?I slept too near where I fell out.
I slept too near where I fell out.EAT You expect the unexpected in circumstances of that peculiarity.
Hold on, you allegorical hypothesis. Don't cross words with me.EAT Ain't Jemima on the pancake box?
EAT Ain't Jemima on the pancake box?Dat's yo Uncle Ben. That reminds me, I've seen a lot of troubles lately.
Dat's yo Uncle Ben. That reminds me, I've seen a lot of troubles lately.EAT How be dat?
EAT How be dat?I don't know who I am.
I don't know who I am.EAT Well, I'll be an Alabama porch monkey's uncle.
I feel a song a comin' on.EAT A song a comin' I feel.
People show their happiness in a lot of different ways.Well, homeboy, looks like he's at a funeral.
A lot?Enough.
So what's up with you?What do you want to know?
What do you want to know?The good stuff.
The good stuff.I'm an asthmatic. Been one all my life. Can't go anywhere without an inhaler.
I'm an asthmatic. Been one all my life. Can't go anywhere without an inhaler.What else?
What else?Are you trying to rap to me?
This is a nice place. It must have cost a pretty penny.Sloan, I got it like 'dat.
Sloan, I got it like 'dat.Oh you do, huh?
Oh you do, huh?Just a little something' somethin'.
Just a little something' somethin'.I hope you save a little somethin' somethin'.
I hope you save a little somethin' somethin'.Gots no intention of ending up broke.
No, before my time.You don't read, do you?
You don't read, do you?Never read a book in my whole life.
Never read a book in my whole life.Maybe you need to start.
Maybe you need to start.Maybe I need to do a lot of things.
I just don't want you and Cheeba to get hurt.We can look out for ourselves.
Why don't you call him?For what? He left. Not me.
You're sure this is a good idea.My people love me.
I'll be down front. You better start putting your face on.Y'know what?
Y'know what?What?
What?You look beautiful like that.
And?And what?
And what?Stop playing me Sloan.
Stop playing me Sloan.Just ask me what you want to know.
Just ask me what you want to know.Oh, you gonna make me say it.
Oh, you gonna make me say it.Say what, Manray?
Say what, Manray?Did you ever sleep with DeLa?
Aw, c'mon.That's ancient history. That has nothing to do with you and I.
Forget about me, are you a puppet for DeLa?Don't try to change to the subject.
Don't try to change to the subject.Why don't you answer?
Why don't you answer?I know I won't be your puppet.
I know I won't be your puppet.You can go now.
You can go now.I wuz leaving anyway, for good.
Good day to you, young sir.Good morning.
Good morning.Where are you bound for?
Where are you bound for?That is none of your business.
Both of us ride home with Best here.I'm not afraid of highwaymen. My man is armed, and so am I.
There's nothing else for it. Take your ground, Grogan -- twelve paces, I suppose?Ten, sir, and make them short ones, do you hear, Captain Grogan?
Pooh! Pooh! Best, you are joking.I never was more in earnest.
What is your uncle's name?O'Grady.
O'Grady.Oh, yes, of course, Ambassador O'Grady...
Ah! You sly rogue, I see that will influence you.The place seems more a farm than an inn-yard.
The place seems more a farm than an inn-yard.The people are great farmers, as well as inn-keepers.
Upon my word, sir, I think you have acted very coolly.I have acted as I think fit.
I have acted as I think fit.Sir, I'm a British officer.
Has he sent the challenge yet?Not yet, but I believe he intends to.
Have you taken my message to him?The meeting is arranged. Captain Best is waiting for you now.
The meeting is arranged. Captain Best is waiting for you now.My mare is saddled and ready; who's the captain's second?
My mare is saddled and ready; who's the captain's second?Your cousins go out with him.
Not against Castle Dugan gate, that has been off the hinges these ten years.It must have been some other gate.
I see you are thinking of a certain young lady at Duganstown.Is Miss Dugan well?
Is Miss Dugan well?There's only six Miss Dugans now... poor Dorothy.
There's only six Miss Dugans now... poor Dorothy.Good heavens! Whatever? Has she died of grief?
Ah -- I see. No, I'm afraid mine are the O'Higgins of Watertown.I have heard of them.
Whom have I been harboring in my house? Who are you, sirrah?Sirrah! Sirrah, I am as good a gentleman as any in Ireland!
Sirrah! Sirrah, I am as good a gentleman as any in Ireland!You're an impostor, young man, a schemer, a deceiver!
You're an impostor, young man, a schemer, a deceiver!Repeat the words again, and I run you through the body.
I don't know.Your Grace owes me seventy thousand frederics, which I have honorably won.
Where is my rascal, Lazlo?I will let down the steps for your honor.
Good gracious! What is this?You are going to drive to the frontier.
Ten thousand? But the scoundrel owes me seventy thousand.Your honor must lower his voice.
Your honor must lower his voice.All Europe shall hear of this!
All Europe shall hear of this!As you please.
I have no luggage.The gentleman has nothing contraband.
You are the young man who M. de Seebach recommended?Yes, sir. Here is my letter.
Your name is Lazlo Zilagyi?Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.You come highly recommended by Herr Seebach.
You come highly recommended by Herr Seebach.Herr Seebach was a very kind employer.
Herr Seebach was a very kind employer.For whom else have you worked?
Who else can give me information about you?Only the agency of servants.
But they will prevent a meeting at whatever the cost.Have no fear. It will come out well for me.
Have no fear. It will come out well for me.I believe they will deport you.
I believe they will deport you.I have faced that problem before.
I have faced that problem before.But, if they send you away, then what is to become of me?
To risk one's life against such people is an imposition.I risk nothing, for I am certain to kill him.
I risk nothing, for I am certain to kill him.Certain?
Certain?Perfectly certain, because I shall make him tremble.
Very well! Now that I know it, I will no longer love her.Then you yield to me.
Then you yield to me.On the instant. Everyone must yield to such a nobleman as you.
On the instant. Everyone must yield to such a nobleman as you.Very well; but a man who yields takes to his legs.
Very well; but a man who yields takes to his legs.That is a trifle strong.
That is a trifle strong.Take to your legs, low Irish dog.
No.Have you had one?
Have you had one?Never.
Never.But, for a time... a passing fancy?
But, for a time... a passing fancy?Not even that.
Not one.Have you not a man whom you value?
Have you not a man whom you value?That man has, perhaps, not yet been born.
That man has, perhaps, not yet been born.What! You have not met a man worthy of your attention?
How so?By loving you, with no hope of possessing you.
You want my heart?It is my only object.
It is my only object.To make me wretched in two weeks.
To make me wretched in two weeks.To love you until death. To subscribe to all your commands.
And if she does not choose to show you some kindness?Then I will respectfully take leave of her.
Yes -- but I am afraid of being deceived.Poor man. And, for that reason, you want to begin where people end?
Lady Cosgrove, you are an old fool.Old fool!
I feel the ribbon.Then you must get it.
Why are you shaking?With pleasure at finding the ribbon.
I'd draw my sword, and cut my way through them.What, with me on the pillion? Would you kill poor me?
I am at your service, Mr. Cosgrove. How much do you wish to spend?As much as possible.
As much as possible.As much as possible?
As much as possible?Yes, for I wish to entertain splendidly.
Yes, for I wish to entertain splendidly.All the same, you must name an amount.
All the same, you must name an amount.It is entirely up to you. I want the best.
Last month, the Duke of Suffolk spent no more.All right, five hundred guineas.
Do you happen to know Gustavus Adolphus, the thirteenth Earl of Crabs?By name only.
Have you done, Mr. Cosgrove?Yes!
A meeting with the Prince of Turbingen is impossible.The Prince left him only that choice.
The King has determined to send the Chevalier out of the country.When is he to go?
Then this must be done tomorrow.What is to be done?
But I shouldn't like to put you to such trouble, Mister...?O'Higgins... Mohawk O'Higgins.
Provided that they can be assured of her ladyship's freewill? Are you serious?May I be quite frank with you?
May I be quite frank with you?Yes, of course.
Did you buy the horse, papa?Now, just have a little patience, my boy. Your birthday isn't until next week.
Now, just have a little patience, my boy. Your birthday isn't until next week.But I will have it on my birthday, won't I?
But I will have it on my birthday, won't I?Well, we'll just have to wait and see, won't we?
Good night, papa.Good night, my little darling.
Good night, my little darling.Papa?
Papa?Yes?
Your bother is in America fighting the rebels.Is he all right, papa?
Is he all right, papa?Yes, he's fine.
Would you have me spend my life all alone?In truth, sir, yes, but, if you must marry, then marry a virtuous drudge.
In truth, sir, yes, but, if you must marry, then marry a virtuous drudge.The milkmaid's daughter?
Good evening, Mr. James, have you done with my lady?I beg your pardon?
Charming Schuvaloff.Black-eyed Sczortarska.
Black-eyed Sczortarska.Dark Valdez.
Dark Valdez.Do you expect me to believe that your lover brought you here tonight?
And he doesn't care about me?He is only curious to know who you are.
He is only curious to know who you are.If his love were like mine, he would not permit you to come here.
If his love were like mine, he would not permit you to come here.He loves me, as I love you.
He loves me, as I love you.Will he wish to know the details of this night?
Don't like 'em, don't eat 'em, don't make no damn difference to me.You know that was like a quadruple negative?
Can I at least have a drink?It's ten thirty in the morning.
It's ten thirty in the morning.Yeah, if you've slept.
Yeah, if you've slept.You know the law -- no liquor before noon. Could lose my license.
You know the law -- no liquor before noon. Could lose my license.Don't you mean "don't need no liquor license not taken away from me"?
Bill Styles...Who?
Who?Old friend. Haven't talked to him in -- 911. Can I use your phone?
Don't you ever point a gun at me!I'm -- I'm sorry...
Fuck, what the fuck is going on --What do we do?
What do we do?Whoever it is isn't shooting at us...
I don't want to go --Fine.
Did -- did you --It was the grenade you fucking idiot. Look at him!
What about Pike?Maybe he'll be there. Either way, we have to go.
He is the only one unaccounted for.Maybe he's dead too. Maybe you killed them both, Mueller --
This isn't our area. Whose area is this --Can anybody hear me!
Hey, I -- Holy fuck... holy fuck, what the fuck did you guys do?We found him like this --
We got -- I don't know, we got separatedBefore or after the explosion? Mueller --
Before or after the explosion? Mueller --I don't know!
Shut the fuck up, you fucking faggot, You just shut the FUCK UP.HEY!
West was one thing, but this --Shut up, Mueller.
We finished the course and came here, then heard an explosion -- Where's Pike?We don't know. West is dead.
What about you, wandering around alone? At least we have an alibi --What do you mean, alone?
Holy fuck... Holy fuck, what the fuck did you guys do?We found him like this...
Yeah, right...Shut up. West's dead.
Why not?I asked for a policeman.
I asked for a policeman.You're under military arrest, it's not gonna happen. What's wrong with baseball?
You're under military arrest, it's not gonna happen. What's wrong with baseball?It's... too slow.
It's... too slow.Well, it's a game of anticipation, that's the beauty.
Well, it's a game of anticipation, that's the beauty.I just don't like it.
I just don't like it.What do you like then?
There's no need...They're dead, aren't they?
Why'd you ask for a cop, Ray?I'm not telling you what happened.
Some.Tell me about them.
And those were the guys who went on the exercise with you?Yeah. And that's all I'm saying.
That son of a bitch.That'd be my reaction too --
That'd be my reaction too --He's lying.
He's lying.Well, why didn't you say so? We'll just drop all your charges, then --
Well, why didn't you say so? We'll just drop all your charges, then --I'm serious --
I didn't shoot West --Yeah, we know, Pike did.
I apologize --You saw West's body.
You saw West's body.Of course --
And he'd been shot.Yeah --
You saved Kendall's life --But not Pike's.
We're not finished yet --You wanna bet?
Not true, Cadet, I've got a gun --Jesus!
He -- He made me do it --Do what?
Do what?Hunting -- we had to hunt him --
And the bodies?You won't find them. Won't find West, either. He's too good.
I promised them I'd ask you where West and the others are...Washout rejects, guys he said were "dumbfucks too stupid to know they dead"...
Washout rejects, guys he said were "dumbfucks too stupid to know they dead"...He's telling the truth up to a point...
Tell us about the other guys, the ones West weeded out.There were six of us...
He was sickly. Had that shaking thing, whatd'yacall it, epoxy?Epilepsy.
He said he worked there --No, did he tell you about it? About the business Childs ran?
No, did he tell you about it? About the business Childs ran?What business?
Where?The creek bed --
Back up.Mueller was alone in the cabin?
Mueller was alone in the cabin?Yeah.
Why didn't you tell us all this in the first place?Would you have believed me?
Ohhhh, I don't think so...How do you know that?
Cadet, what's your name!Sir, Dunbar, sir!
Sir, Dunbar, sir!You know how to work a pistol, Dunbar?
You know how to work a pistol, Dunbar?Sir, yes, sir!
Sir, yes, sir!The rest of you, fallout for physicals!
What the fuck is going on?Your weapons, Sergeant.
He wouldn't kill anybody...Oh, bullshit, he's a fucking convict. You know how much he hated West --
Shut up. Let me see your grenades.Why?
Why?We were each given three so whoever killed West will be missing one.
Jesus, what happened?West... he's dead.
Pike and I got separated... then I heard gunfire. Close.So did we. Why didn't you come?
So you killed him?I...
Whose blood is that, Jay?West's. Any kindling for afire?
What do you mean, West's?I mean I killed him. Isn't that what we all wanted?
Roberto, what the fuck?We just want to check your pack --
We just want to check your pack --Why?
You know it's not like that --Do I?
Right?Yeah...
You gotta untie me. I didn't do this thing, Ray.You hated West more than any of us.
You hated West more than any of us.Maybe, but that don't make me a killer --
Maybe, but that don't make me a killer --You're the only one missing a grenade.
If not you, then who?Mueller.
Mueller.Oh, come on --
That's exactly what he says about you.Who you gonna trust, Ray? Him or your friend?
You hated West, Mueller loved him --Enough to go to prison? Childs' PX scam, Mueller was in on it --
Enough to go to prison? Childs' PX scam, Mueller was in on it --Bullshit.
Bullshit.Look in my pack.
Look in my pack.Why?
Why?Just look. Little pocket.
Combat grade morphine. Mueller sold it to me.You're lying --
You're lying --Pull up my sleeve. Right arm.
That still doesn't mean you didn't kill him.You saw West, right? How was he killed?
You saw West, right? How was he killed?Full clip to the body --
Full clip to the body --From up close or far away?
From up close or far away?His chest was hamburger --
I... I don't know...What don't you know?
What don't you know?This is a lot of information to be getting... I have to think --
A test will no doubt link you to the killing --Put it down!
I've done nothing wrong. I'm the victim here.But not the only victim, right?
You said you wanted to know what happened -- I'm telling you the truth.What happened to "degrees"?
What happened to "degrees"?I didn't kill him --
I didn't kill him --Then who did?
But you didn't.No. Poetic justice, though.
He admitted it.Right in front of us. Mueller went after him but we held him back.
Okay. I think that's it. He rises and walks to the door.Mr. Hardy?
Somebody emptied a full clip into him --Stop.
You tried to pin three stone murders on Dunbar --How many murders did you cover up? One? Five? Maybe an even ten.
How many murders did you cover up? One? Five? Maybe an even ten.Can I go to jail for punching a guy who's been shot?
I believe your next line is "What are you trying to hide?"Well?
Jail if he's lucky, the gas chamber if he's not --I didn't do anything --
Why?Because of what I saw. Who really killed West.
How do you know?Because I was standing next to him.
I didn't --But you can't prove it! You can't prove anything until we find the bodies!
I don't know --Where are they!
Where are they!Maybe --
Maybe --MAYBE WHAT --
MAYBE WHAT --Maybe he...
I'm assuming that's what made him the dead one?Cadet Roberto R. Nunez. Killed right in front of me.
Which gives us about five hours. Why'd you call me?The guy in interrogation said he'd only talk to a cop.
The guy in interrogation said he'd only talk to a cop.And I'm the closest thing to it, right?
He's not done by a longshot, I can get more out of him --He can wait. Kendall's out of surgery.
Pike killed West, Dunbar killed Mueller, Childs, and Nunez.Who killed Pike?
Who killed Pike?Someone must have got a shot off. He wasn't exactly a moving target.
We've already been over the terrain twice. Nothing.There was a hurricane, Bill, the wind probably moved it.
There was a hurricane, Bill, the wind probably moved it.Habeas Corpus -- you have to have a body to have a crime.
Nevertheless --Nevertheless what'? Kendall will testify and that'll be enough.
Nevertheless what'? Kendall will testify and that'll be enough.Not for me.
You mean not enough to save you.JAG gets here in three hours. Try for the confession.
Tom, where are you going --Home, I'm done.
Home, I'm done.What about the confession?
What I said before --Was dead right. You think Dunbar's on the level?
Was dead right. You think Dunbar's on the level?Yeah.
Yeah.Does Osborne agree?
That's horseshit and you know it.Maybe. But it's my fault and I'll carry it.
They're taking your command, aren't they?The Senator...
I'm sorry, Bill.Don't be. I'm not cut out to deal with the West's of the world.
Don't be. I'm not cut out to deal with the West's of the world.You're a good soldier, Bill.
You're a good soldier, Bill.I thought you said that wasn't a compliment.
You're drunk --I'm not going to cover for you, Bill. Not for this.
Stay where you are.Or what? You've gone round the bend --
Or what? You've gone round the bend --West had a partner. Someone who knew how to get things done.
For the last time, I have no idea what you're talking about --Get your hands away from the desk!
Hostile and uncooperative.Fantastic. You want to tell me what's going on?
Ah, ChristYou knew Sergeant West?
You knew Sergeant West?He was our Drill here. Man's older than sand.
Gotta be honest, I love what you've done with the place --You and the Colonel go back.
You and the Colonel go back.He got me through Basic and a lot of other stuff. I owe him.
Levi? Who names their kid Levi --Senator Jonathan Kendall, of Ohio.
Senator Jonathan Kendall, of Ohio.Christ... Remind me to thank Bill for mentioning that on the phone --
He's in interrogation?Yes.
Yes.Move him.
Move him.Why?
Excuse me?Is Dunbar cute?
Is Dunbar cute?That is the most unprofessional --
Good cop/bad cop?Something like that.
Baseball?I believe somebody owes me ten dollars --
I believe somebody owes me ten dollars --You made me look like an idiot --
You really want to make banal chit- chat like that now?You're right. We should sit in silence.
You're right. We should sit in silence.We're in the middle of a murder case --
We're in the middle of a murder case --Best time for banal chit-chat.
You had a mobile of bayonets above your crib.Something like that. You?
Something like that. You?I lost a bet.
This is the straight hitting on me you were talking about, isn't it?The very same.
I plan to grow on you.You're off to a late start.
You're off to a late start.So noted.
He's telling the truth, up to a point.What point?
Something wrong?Being back here. Gives me the willies.
Being back here. Gives me the willies.Not the happiest of memories?
Remember, he's the son of a Senator, so go easy. Kid gloves.Got it.
That was kid gloves?Have no fear, Osborne, we have not yet begun to fight.
But we have to question him -- Thought you didn't have cigarettes --I lied. Wait for it...
"Too neat." How long have you been an investigator?I don't think that has anything to do with --
I just... He came back for Kendall. I don't think he's capable of murder.Everyone's capable of murder, Osborne.
Why the fuck wasn't he in restraints?I don't know.
Goddammit, Hardy, you can't just leave --Watch me.
Watch me.You said you owed Styles and now you're gonna turn your back on him?
I didn't shoot West...What?
At least you and Kendall agree on that.What happened next?
They believe the innocent are guilty and the guilty are innocent.And if they're asked, that's what they'll tell the, world.
Kendall maybe would have agreed, but the hurricane buttfucks the cabin --Buttfucks the cabin?
That bugs you too?Little bit.
Little bit.Let's go talk to Bill...
We're fucked, I know --They got their stories straight.
They got their stories straight.What?
Are you sure?Positive. Hardy, they planned this.
Why don't you talk to Levi off the record for a second?Good idea.
I pushed him too hard.You couldn't have known --
You couldn't have known --Yeah, I could've. Should've.
Yeah, I could've. Should've.You wanted to get the truth.
You wanted to break him.Yeah.
Yeah.So did I.
So what now?Now I go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened.
Now I go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened.Think it'll work?
Think it'll work?Nah.
For what?That's gonna stay my secret.
No.Good, just making sure.
Four --Get in.
We got maybe three minutes till they break it down.Right back where we started.
Hardy, what are you doing --Isn't this how your story goes?
We can tie you to the chair if it'll work better for you --Hardy, for Chrissakes --
Hardy, for Chrissakes --WHERE'S WEST'S BODY?
No bodies, no West...No death certificates. No crime.
We need to talk --Seven.
What if I don't want it?Tough.
That's not true.There are degrees of truth, officer. Always degrees.
There are degrees of truth, officer. Always degrees.You're a good man, Hardy.
You're a good man, Hardy.Really.
West?Nobody saw. But I don't think so.
Do I have a choice in this?Yeah. I can wait till you're off the base and do it myself.
What are you doing out here?Leaving without saying goodbye. What are you gonna do?
Leaving without saying goodbye. What are you gonna do?Go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened.
Go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened.Think it'll work?
Think it'll work?Nah.
Nah.Want company?
I should probably write that down.Yeah.
Your phone number?In case you need me to testify about the shooting. They'll clear you.
He was your friend.Yeah. But he was a lot of other things, too. Thanks.
Pike, please --Although that won't matter much when coupled with the murder charge --
Maybe we shouldn't go.The faggot speaks.
The faggot speaks.You ever been in a hurricane, Mueller?
You ever been in a hurricane, Mueller?You ever been in a hurricane, Mueller?
They found him. Poor fucker was practically blown in half --Poor fucker my ass...
Pike and I got separated --Yeah and he doesn't know when --
Yeah and he doesn't know when --I remember now, it was before the explosion --
I remember now, it was before the explosion --Oh, you remember now --
Oh, you remember now --I'm about two seconds away from seeing if fairies really can fly --
I was freezing from the hurricane --So you took off your shirt?
He couldn't kick you out so he wanted you to quit on your own.He wanted more than that.
He said what?"You're gonna die tonight, faggot". Clear as day.
"You're gonna die tonight, faggot". Clear as day.No one else heard it?
No one else heard it?He whispered it in my ear.
Nunez was chasing Dunbar.Because he'd shot Mueller.
Because he'd shot Mueller.But you didn't see it, right?
Pike never confessed.We've been making progress, I see.
Enjoy your flight to Washington --Wait --
Wait --What.
Dunbar's telling the truth.Wrong answer --
Who, Levi --Childs.
What happened with Nunez?He came after us. And I told Dunbar he had to kill him...
Hurricane's due after midnight and we're still going out?Toughens us up, Pike. You don't like it, quit.
Thank God...What the fuck are you doing?
This place is going, Mueller. We gotta move --Shut the fuck up. He was gonna cut him loose.
Where's your shirt, Mueller?I used it to start the fire --
Goddammit, Ray, we gotta get out of here --We're not going anywhere.
The fuck are you talking about --You are to be stripped of all weapons and placed under guard --
You are to be stripped of all weapons and placed under guard --Bullshit --
No, no that was Cadet Dunbar --You mean Ray Dunbar? Well, that ain't right.
So?Ma'am, Ray Dunbar's black.
This is totally unnecessary --He asked to see a policeman, we're getting him a policeman.
He asked to see a policeman, we're getting him a policeman.But this guy you called, he's not even Army --
He's not Army, it's not official --Then it's unofficial.
You think he did it?No --
What do you think?It's too neat.
We know.I'm giving you a chance to walk away.
You never told me why you got kicked out of...The army kicked you out for drugs...
Great, great. That's fantastic.It was on that night Karl met his destiny. And I met mine. Almost.
Hey kid! Your friend just made himself a star.That's great.
Jesus, kid. Let me guess. Real pretty, blonde hair, blue hat?Yes!
Yes!I know her uncle. Friends of the family.
I know her uncle. Friends of the family.Who is she? Where does she live?
Who is she? Where does she live?Kid. Don't waste your time. She's out of your league.
Didn't kill anything, did I?A few rabbits, but I think one of them was already dead.
A few rabbits, but I think one of them was already dead.That would explain the indigestion.
Thank you.Good luck, kid.
Welcome to ya. What's your name?Edward Bloom.
Bloom like a flower?Yes.
Yes.Oh. Here! Right here. Edward Bloom. We weren't expecting you yet.
You were expecting me?Not yet.
Now tell me if that isn't the best pie you ever ate.It truly is.
I have to leave. Tonight.Why?
You won't find a better place!I don't expect to.
Or are you too scared?I'll go in right now and get that eye.
I'll go in right now and get that eye.Then do it.
Then do it.Fine, I will.
Fine, I will.Fine, you do it.
Fine, you do it.Fine, I'm doing it.
You get the eye?I brought it.
I brought it.Let's see it.
Bloom!Don.
Don.What the hell are you doing? This is my girl. Mine!
What the hell are you doing? This is my girl. Mine!I didn't know she belonged to anybody.
Will.Dr. Bennett. It's good to see you. My wife, Josephine.
Dr. Bennett. It's good to see you. My wife, Josephine.A pleasure.
Can I see him?Absolutely. Be good for you to talk to him.
How long have you known my father?Thirty years. Maybe more.
Thirty years. Maybe more.How would you describe him?
How would you describe him?Five-eleven. One-eighty. Regulated hypertension. How would his son describe him?
Did your father ever tell you about the day you were born?A thousand times. He caught an uncatchable fish.
A thousand times. He caught an uncatchable fish.Not that one. The real story. Did he ever tell you that?
Not that one. The real story. Did he ever tell you that?No.
Did you see that woman?What did she look like?
What did she look like?Well, she... uh...
Well, she... uh...Was she nekkid?
Yeah.It's not a woman, it's a fish. No one ever catches her.
How old are you?Eighteen.
You're pretty good at arithmetic.And when I'm 38, you'll be 48. And that's not much difference at all.
How are you gonna make it without your shoes?I suspect it will hurt a lot.
Promise me you'll come back.I promise. Someday. When I'm really supposed to.
You must be Edward Bloom.How did you know?
Helping people makes me happy.I'm not convinced you should be happy.
I'm not convinced you should be happy.I'm sorry. Have I offended you?
You're Beamen's daughter. Your last name is different. You married.I was 18. He was 28. Turns out that was a big difference.
I won't be selling you this house, Mr. Bloom.I see. I thank you for your time.
It's okay, just leave it.I can get it. I can just...
Lord, I'm sorry I...Please. Go. Just go.
Please. Go. Just go.I'll...
I'll...Go.
Lucky girl.I'm sorry, Jenny. I am.
Hi. How are you feeling?I was dreaming.
I was dreaming.What were you dreaming about?
Because see, my mother was banging the milkman.No, I understand.
No, I understand.He was slipping her a little extra cream.
He was buttering her rolls. Pumping her churn. Splashing milk in her box.Stop.
Stop.They were squeezing the cheese. Clanking the bottles. Licking the popsicle.
Spooning the sherbet.Can I take your picture?
Can I take your picture?You don't need a picture. Just look up handsome in the dictionary.
You don't need a picture. Just look up handsome in the dictionary.Please?
Oh, so this is a tall tale?Well, it's not a short one.
I thought you said you didn't have a church wedding.Well, we were all set to, but there was a complication.
Is it the medicine that's making you thirsty?Truth is, I've been thirsty my whole life. Never really known why.
There was one time when I was eleven...You were talking about your wedding.
I like your stories.And I like you.
What's your name, Giant?Karl.
Okay.Okay.
What did she say?Beats me.
You're not trying to run away?Just to be sure, you can take my pack.
Jesus Christ.Friend of yours? Did you help him out of a bind?
Friend of yours? Did you help him out of a bind?Come on, Will. Everyone likes that story.
The one about the witch.Your mom says I can't tell you that one anymore. You get nightmares.
Your mom says I can't tell you that one anymore. You get nightmares.I'm not scared.
You -- -- are in for a surprise.Am I?
You think I'm up for it?You learned from the best.
Really.Truly. I saw it in The Eye.
Truly. I saw it in The Eye.The Old Lady by the swamp.
The Old Lady by the swamp.She was a witch.
She was a witch.No, she was old and probably senile. Maybe schizophrenic.
No, she was old and probably senile. Maybe schizophrenic.I saw my death in that eye. And this is not how it happens.
I saw my death in that eye. And this is not how it happens.So how does it happen?
So how does it happen?Surprise ending. Wouldn't want to ruin it for you.
What did he say?You owe me three-fifty.
You owe me three-fifty.Really.
Really.True story.
When did you ever work in an office?There's a lot you don't know about me.
There's a lot you don't know about me.You're right.
Dad, I'm hoping we can talk about some things while I'm here.You mean, while I'm here.
You mean, while I'm here.I'd just like to know the true versions of things. Events. Stories. You.
Your mother hasn't been keeping up the pool. If you wanted to you could...I will.
I will.You know where the chemicals are?
Why not religion, Dad?It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend.
Josephine actually went to the Congo last year.Oh, so you know.
Did I ever tell you about how...Yes.
The maple tree and the Buick. We heard it.I think someone hasn't.
But the real story is how I got the car. You see...Dad?
Dad?Son?
Son?Can we talk?
Dad!What?
What?I'm trying to make a metaphor here.
You think I'm fake.Only on the surface. But that's all I've ever seen.
What do you want, Will? Who do you want me to be?Yourself. Good, bad, everything. Just show me who you are for once.
The river.The river?
Tell me how it happens.How what happens?
How what happens?How I go.
I can try, Dad. If you help. Just tell me how it starts.Like this.
Like this.Okay. Okay.
Let's get out of here.Somehow, you're better. Different. You're getting ready to go. And I say...
Where are we headed?You say...
You say...The River!
It's unbelievable.Story of my life.
Daffodils?They're your favorite flower.
They're your favorite flower.How did you get so many?
You don't even know me.I have the rest of my life to find out.
How can I convince you to stop?Go out with me.
Wait! I need those!There is no softer ground than town.
I've been working on this poem for 12 years.Really.
Really.There's a lot of expectation. I don't want to disappoint my fans.
This is why you don't show work in progress.Norther, do you ever regret not making it to Paris?
Norther, do you ever regret not making it to Paris?I can't imagine any place better than here.
So what are you up to now?I'm robbing this place.
This is it? The whole vault.'Fraid so.
'Fraid so.Edward, it's got your deposit slip on it.
Oh. Oh.Hello.
Hello.I wasn't expecting you.
Thank you. I'll bet you need to --Yes.
I spent a week in Morocco for the story. It was incredible.We'll have to pick up a copy.
I'm going to get started on dishes.I'll help you.
I'm going to check on him.I need to lie down for a bit.
I'm sorry. It seems every hour I have to...I know. It was the same when I was carrying Will. Like clockwork.
Do you like it, being pregnant?I do.
It's bad.It's more than they thought. They're going to stop chemo.
It's more than they thought. They're going to stop chemo.You need to go.
You need to go.Probably tonight.
I'm going with you.You don't have to.
You don't have to.I'm going with you.
I talked with your father last night.Did you?
You never told me how your parents met.They met at Auburn.
That's because most of it never happened.But it's romantic.
Mmm.Mmm, what?
Mmm, what?Mmm, what. I know better than to argue romance with a French woman.
Do you love your father?Everyone loves my father. He's a very likeable guy.
Everyone loves my father. He's a very likeable guy.Do you love him?
But it's not true.What is "true?" I've never heard my father say a single true thing.
You're not.I need you on my side.
I need you on my side.I am always on your side. And I think you should talk to him.
What happened?Your father had a stroke. He's upstairs with your mom and Dr. Bennett.
Your father had a stroke. He's upstairs with your mom and Dr. Bennett.Is he going to be okay?
How did you get here?We swam. The Atlantic, it's not that big really.
We swam. The Atlantic, it's not that big really.Ruth McHibbon offered to pick you up at the airport.
Ruth McHibbon offered to pick you up at the airport.We rented a car.
We rented a car.You didn't need to do that. You just didn't.
Is that Dr. Bennett's car?He's up with your father.
How much time does he have left?You don't talk about those things. Not yet.
Mom, would you say you understand Dad?Of course.
Of course.What I mean is, do you really know what's going on in his head?
What I mean is, do you really know what's going on in his head?Yes.
Would you say you understand Josephine?Yes. But that's a different...
Was she one of your teachers?No. But it's weird. She seemed to recognize me.
No. But it's weird. She seemed to recognize me.Do you know who that is?
That really happened?Not everything your father says is a complete fabrication.
Is he awake?He just fell asleep. Josephine's with him.
Mom?Yes?
So you never bought any land.Heavens no. We had a hard enough time keeping the mortgage on this place.
I'll stay. Why don't you go home with Josephine and I'll stay tonight.That's okay?
Mom, do you want some time with Dad?Yes. Thank you.
You first.Fifty thousand. Almost exactly.
What for?You know what for.
You know what for.No I don't.
No I don't.I got you those trousers from Paul Smith.
I got you those trousers from Paul Smith.I've been buying you stuff all week. I've been buying him stuff all week.
I've been buying you stuff all week. I've been buying him stuff all week.Such as?
Those aren't presents. That's normal friendship stuffI paid for those guitar cases.
Yeah it was okay.Yeah. It was quite good actually. Some bits I really liked.
Yeah. It was quite good actually. Some bits I really liked.The sets were good.
Sixty four thousand, eight hundred.There's over eighty thousand here.
It's enough isn't it?What do you mean?
What do you mean?You know what I mean babe, It's enough. We can stop.
You know what I mean babe, It's enough. We can stop.Do you want to stop?
Do you want to stop?Yes.
Yes.We'll stop then.
What's this?It's nothing. I burnt myself.
It's nothing. I burnt myself.That's not a burn.
That's not a burn.It is. I did it cooking.
Do you like it?Yeah.
Say thank you.Thank you.
What?You heard what I said. I'm pregnant. I've been throwing up for weeks.
A baby? What are we supposed to do with a baby?Name it.
What? What are you doing?What are you doing here?
What. You're what? You're with this creep now.Leave him!
Leave him!You have. You've actually fallen for this prick.
You have. You've actually fallen for this prick.No I haven't.
This is sensitive. Your car. Lovely car. Doesn't necessarily give the right impression.Ch...
Ch...To customers approaching the bank from the rear
To customers approaching the bank from the rearRight.
Right.You can see why it's sensitive?
You can see why it's sensitive?Uh... Yes.
How's that? We can't drink our piss can we?Hang on hang on, sorry, but like, who are you?
Hang on hang on, sorry, but like, who are you?You must find some glasses, small, for the toast, and some plates.
You must find some glasses, small, for the toast, and some plates.What are you doing here?
Sorry. You've lost me...I'm asking what you're here for.
I'm asking what you're here for.What?
What did he say?He says he feels safe here.
I need to know who you are first please.Oh. We are Russian.
Oh. We are Russian.Yes. I know.
Yes. I know.Good.
Good.And...
Hold on.Toast first then we talk seriously, I can see you are serious about us.
So hang on. You're both Nadia's cousins?Of course not. Alexei, he's is my problem.
Of course not. Alexei, he's is my problem.Right.
Right.We better watch him. He's crazy.
We better watch him. He's crazy.Right.
No.Right. So I can say he smokes me. So.
So how long will you be in England?Plans are for the architects, politicians and so forth.
Plans are for the architects, politicians and so forth.You must have a visa or something...
You must have a visa or something...You're asking for my documents?
You're asking for my documents?No, no...
She says 'Hello' to you. Go for it John!Uh. Do you like England?
Uh. Do you like England?Classic! Thank God. She says 'Yes!'
She says she has a secret to tell.What?
When?"I saw you waiting there, by the gate."
"I saw you waiting there, by the gate."I...
Binoculars.Binoculars. He had these Binoculars he has kept from the war.
What was that?Oh nothing.
Oh nothing.Tell me.
Tell me.No. It is too judgmental.
No. It is too judgmental.Tell me what he said.
Tell me what he said.He says why did you send to Russia for a wife.
You are not ashamed of it? It's no surprise to want to love.No. It's not that.
No. It's not that.Do you believe in love?
Do you believe in love?I suppose it's... I mean define your terms.
How is bank?Fine. I thought you were leaving today.
Fine. I thought you were leaving today.To be indoors on such a day. It's crime.
I understand. I'm so sorryYou can stay tonight.
You can stay tonight.I have brought you trouble. Maybe I should have come alone.
I have brought you trouble. Maybe I should have come alone.Good night.
Put the fucking kettle down.John.
What does he want. The Russian shithead. What do you want ?He wants money.
He wants money.Tell him to put the kettle down and I'll give him money.
He wants a lot of money.I'll give him money. Tell him to put the...
I'll give him money. Tell him to put the...He wants the money from your bank.
He wants the money from your bank.I'll fuckin' give it to him! We'll go down there.
I'll fuckin' give it to him! We'll go down there.You don't understand. He wants all the money that is in your bank.
You don't understand. He wants all the money that is in your bank.I've got eight hundred pounds. Oh Jesus.
Oh Jesus.He is sure you can do this. Of course you can not.
He is sure you can do this. Of course you can not.Oh Jesus. Of course I can't.
Just leave her alone.I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.Leave her alone.
Is that everything?Yes.
Yes.Right. Okay. Good.
Yes.I'm pretty nervous. Are you?
I'm pretty nervous. Are you?Yes.
Yes.I mean... "Ants." "I've got a problem with ants."
So. Is it different to how you imagined it?Yes.
Yes.I bet. What about me? Am I how you imagined?
I bet. What about me? Am I how you imagined?Yes.
And how was the flight. Sorry, am I speaking too fast for you?Yes.
Do uh... Sorry. Can you follow me? Do you understand what I'm saying?Yes.
Yes.Good. Or should I speak slower?
Good. Or should I speak slower?Yes.
Yes.Do you follow or should I speak slower?
Do you follow or should I speak slower?Yes.
Uh... Are you a giraffe?Yes.
Today is bath day.Sorry?
I don't understand.Happy bath day.
Syevodnya?Syevodnya
SyevodnyaHappy Birthday. Happy Birthday.
"Frenzy".Yes I know.
They go. John. They go.What's wrong?
What's wrong?They go.
They go.Of course. They go. Yes. Yes.
Of course. They go. Yes. Yes.They go.
It's makes it easier. Okay.I don't want to know.
You must think... I'm the biggest pillock... In the world.No I don't.
No I don't.In the world.
In the world.I know you just want to punish me --
I know you just want to punish me --I do. I want to very badly.
I do. I want to very badly.So you're just going to be vindictive
So you're just going to be vindictiveIn every sense. If at all possible.
In every sense. If at all possible.You can't hurt me more than I'm hurt already.
Where's the restroom?What?
What?I'm going to be sick. Where's the...
I'm going to be sick. Where's the...What? No you're not..
What? No you're not..I'm going... I am... I'm going to be sick.
I'm going... I am... I'm going to be sick.No you're not. How... Nice one. How dumb do you think I am ?
You don't have to do this. I can look after myself.Have you got your passport?
Have you got your passport?What?
What?Shut up. Have you got your passport?
Shut up. Have you got your passport?Yes.
Give me some money.I don't have any money.
What?I said I don't have any.
So, uh, Alexei, which I know isn't his name...I don't want to talk about him.
I don't want to talk about him.Fine.
Fine.It's none of your business.
It's none of your business.Fine. Absolutely. Must be disappointing though. Must come as a hell of a shock.
Of course. Of course. Of course he does. Of course. Thank you. Thanks.But, you know, so what?
He will come back.Excuse me?
I don't want to talk about it.Why not?
Why not?Shut up. I'm not listening.
Shut up. I'm not listening.You don't want to talk about it.
You don't want to talk about it.No.
No.Okay we won't talk about it.
We'll pretend it never happened.So. What's it like having to fuck men you hate?
So. What's it like having to fuck men you hate?I don't hate you.
And? What are you saying?And. It's wrong.
And. It's wrong.And who says what is wrong.
And who says what is wrong.And that would be Morals. That would be one's own moral sense of decency.
And that would be Morals. That would be one's own moral sense of decency.What's a moral orgasm John? Tell me how it feels exactly.
What's a moral orgasm John? Tell me how it feels exactly.So. What then? You just detach sex from everything..
Sometimes.Sometimes which?
Sometimes which?Sometimes neither.
Sometimes neither.Some... What does that mean?
Some... What does that mean?There's nothing wrong in liking sex, John.
There's nothing wrong in liking sex, John.I don't like sex. I don't think I'll be having sex ever again.
I don't like sex. I don't think I'll be having sex ever again.Why?
So now you hate all women?I think it's my safest bet, don't you?
What?You...
You...I got what I paid for.
I got what I paid for.You didn't mind too much.
It wasn't what I wanted.So what did you want? I think we understand each other, no?
So what did you want? I think we understand each other, no?You don't understand me.
You don't understand me.You don't understand you either.
Excuse me?Get out
Get outYou are throwing me out.
You are throwing me out.Get out.
You know, in Russia, there's no work for women. It's a different world.You don't have to say anything
You don't have to say anythingWhat? I... I wasn't saying...
What? I... I wasn't saying...Please, there's no... Oh.
Please, there's no... Oh.I wasn't saying anything.
I wasn't saying anything.Then okay. So how old were you when you met him?
Fifteen. You don't know him. He was very kind and strong.Yeah. He's a smashing bloke.
Yeah. He's a smashing bloke.The rest of the world, John, it's not all like St. Albans.
The rest of the world, John, it's not all like St. Albans.Thank Christ for that.
Thank Christ for that.You are pretty naive if you think it is.
I don't have nothing.Well what have you got?
Do you know if it's a boy or a girl?No.
No.Have you had any before?
Have you had any before?No.
No.Are you scared?
Are you scared?Not really. Maybe a little.
What happened between you and the blonde?What?
What?The thin... the girl with small eyes. The one in your cupboard.
The thin... the girl with small eyes. The one in your cupboard.It's none of your business. She didn't have small eyes.
I'm sorry.I don't know why I said that. She's not dead at all.
What?I don't know why I said it. I'm sorry.
I don't know why I said it. I'm sorry.She's alive?
She's alive!! She is not dead?Laugh it up.
You should stop smoking. You're pregnant. You smoke like a fucking lab dog.I'm trying to quit.
I'm trying to quit.I've got news for you. It's not working.
I've got news for you. It's not working.I smoke more these days. I smoke more when I'm unhappy.
I smoke more these days. I smoke more when I'm unhappy.Nobody's that unhappy.
Nobody's that unhappy.Maybe I want to die. Don't you want me to die?
Maybe I want to die. Don't you want me to die?I don't want anyone to die.
I don't want anyone to die.Except for Small Eyes.
Except for Small Eyes.Except for Small Eyes.
I don't know.What was her name?
What was her name?What's your name?
You know you can come under the blanket.It's alright.
I've got an hour. Can I buy you a coffee?No. I think I better just go.
No. I think I better just go.Okay. Thank you.
Okay. Thank you.Whatever.
Yeah. No thanks.Please. Why not?
Please. Why not?Because it was a lie.
Okay. Goodbye.Goodbye.
Something else.Okay. Promise?
You can probably buy them on the flight.I'm quitting. This will be my last one. So. Goodbye.
I'm quitting. This will be my last one. So. Goodbye.Goodbye.
Goodbye.You didn't deserve me John Buckingham.
You didn't deserve me John Buckingham.Whatever.
Whatever.I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.Please.
It's not mine.It's not mine either.
It's not mine either.It's what you came back for.
Why?I'm not asking you to marry me.
I'm not asking you to marry me.No. What? No. I know.
No. What? No. I know.It's more like a date.
It's more like a date.It's a long way to go for a date.
It's a long way to go for a date.Tell me about it.
What does it mean?Maybe you will find out.
Hurry. I'll wait for you here.Right.
My name's Sophia.Sophia. Hello Sophia. Mine's still John.
Is the flight full?I'm sorry Sir. I believe the flight is closed.
I'm sorry Sir. I believe the flight is closed.Please check. Is it full? Please could you check.
You have excellent English.Thanks.
Thanks.How do you want to pay?
How do you want to pay?Cash.
What are you doing?Just wanted to see.
Just wanted to see.You know the rules. You do know the rules, don't you?
You know the rules. You do know the rules, don't you?Yeah, I know.
Yeah, I know.Then start taking them seriously.
Then start taking them seriously.Yes, ma'am.
Lazarus?Oh! Gave me a start.
Oh! Gave me a start.I'm sorry. It's these soft shoes I wear for my back.
I'm sorry. It's these soft shoes I wear for my back.You hurt it?
Angela?Yes?
Yes?I need to uh...
I need to uh...Go on, Laz. You can talk to me.
Go on, Laz. You can talk to me.My little niece... she got this deep cough.
My little niece... she got this deep cough.You take her to a doctor?
Is your niece older than 12?Oh, she older than that.
This gonna get you in trouble?Not if no one finds out.
This was very sweet of you.Well. Hope you enjoy it.
I bet you have loyal customers.You liked what I brung ya?
That'd be nice.I put on the lotion you got me. Can you smell it?
I's thinkin' about singing in the choir.At church?
You gonna sing me somethin'?When? Now? Oh. No.
When? Now? Oh. No.Come on, just a little somethin'. Right here. Go'on now, don't be shy.
What do you need?I need ya help again.
More cough syrup?Can I come in?
Folks can dance when they want. Didn't buy that mirror ball for nothin'.You seen my snake-skin shoes?
Hi.Hey.
Hey.You ain't the kicker, are you?
You ain't the kicker, are you?No, ma'am.
Can I put it in your mouth?Okay.
And, sir... do you have a size in mind for what you're lookin' for?That young lady's size, right'cher.
That young lady's size, right'cher.Well, that makes it easier.
Mind I ask, what's all this business here?These are whipped body creams. It's like a lotion.
These are whipped body creams. It's like a lotion.For your hands?
Still need a lift?Yeah. Transmission's shot.
Look it. I got somethin' for us. This is gonna help, okay.You gonna miss your bus.
Holy shit.Yeah.
Yeah.Sit down, man. Need a beer?
Sit down, man. Need a beer?Sure.
Sure.Marv, let's get Ronnie set up here.
You been home yet?Uh-uh. I's hitchin' up the interstate when I seen your truck outside.
Uh-uh. I's hitchin' up the interstate when I seen your truck outside.You need a ride?
And then you had to fall in love with the school slut.Now wait...
You gonna steal my truck?Make yourself at home. You done it already.
Jes? Jesse? Oh shit... Wait... Wait... STOP!Stop what?
Thought you had a skirt earlier.I got others.
The fuck you laughin' at?You don't got half what Tehronne got.
Why should you waste your life waitin' and wonderin'. Not like you're married.I begged him not to go. And he did.
You wanna go home?It gets worse there. Leavin' me to my own mind. That's just not good.
It gets worse there. Leavin' me to my own mind. That's just not good.Here. Pound this and I'll join you.
Better?Yeah.
Can't remember the last time I saw you in that suit.Your mother's funeral. I's a pallbearer, remember?
I deserve better than this.Better'n me?
Better'n me?Better than what you give.
Better than what you give.Rose... please...
Rose... please...Laz... You can't say nothin'...
Laz... You can't say nothin'...If we get with a counselor. At the church, maybe they's...
If we get with a counselor. At the church, maybe they's...I don't love ya no more.
God forgive you, for how you done me...Let go...
Let go of my arm...Would'a chopped my arm off if you asked. And this how you do me!
Would'a chopped my arm off if you asked. And this how you do me!LAZ, I said let...!
LAZ, I said let...!You better pray, gal. You better pray...
You better pray, gal. You better pray...Don't you lay a CURSE ON ME!
YOU SHUT UP!Careful how you point that gun, boy.
Careful how you point that gun, boy.Or what? OR WHAT?
Or what? OR WHAT?Boy? You here to make a point, or you here to kill somebody?
Boy? You here to make a point, or you here to kill somebody?Ain't gonna be callin' me boy when I blow your face off.
Ain't gonna be callin' me boy when I blow your face off.You sayin' you'll do what?
You sayin' you'll do what?You heard me, mother-fucker. I'll fuckin' kill..
You heard me, mother-fucker. I'll fuckin' kill..BOY! You so green you couldn't stomp a baby duck.
Teh... Tehronne?Tehronne? Tehronne done this?
Nn-nn... Nn-nn... no... N'RONNIE!GAL! YOU HEARIN' MY VOICE?
Mm-mm... Mm-mm...Come on, gal...
Take it easy now. Don't rush it.How long... how long I been out?
How long... how long I been out?You been in and out goin' on two... maybe two days.
You been in and out goin' on two... maybe two days.Two days?
Where's Ronnie?Well I don't...
Well I don't...Wait. He left.
I don't got any money... for fixin' me up and all.Don't need none.
Don't need none.Then I better be on my way. Don't wanna put you out no more.
Then I better be on my way. Don't wanna put you out no more.Think it'd be best if you stayed put while we talk.
Think it'd be best if you stayed put while we talk.Naw'sir... I gotta be on my way.
Naw'sir... I gotta be on my way.Best try gettin' ya wits about you 'fore you try to...
Let me say somethin' first...Why you got me chained?
Why you got me chained?Way I see it, it's gonna take a while for you to get right.
Way I see it, it's gonna take a while for you to get right.The fuck you been doin' to me?
How you let men treat ya like they do?What?
What?These men you up under. How you let them do ya like that?
These men you up under. How you let them do ya like that?Do me? Do me like this, you mean? Like chainin' me up?
You some kind'a pervert?No ma'am.
No ma'am.Some crazy Jesus freak, gonna fuck the spirit into me...
Some crazy Jesus freak, gonna fuck the spirit into me...In my house, you watch that lip...
Now you get up! And you get in my house!Or what?
Stop it! Stop it! IT HURTS!Whose doin' is that?
Wicked little bitch... gonna cut me...You gonna get a lot more a'that, you keep me locked up like this!
No, ma'am. You stop that foolishness.Hm-mm... Hm-mm...
Hm-mm... Hm-mm...I said... STOP!
I said... STOP!I CAN'T!
You like this? Walkin' me through this field like I's your mule?Can't sit all day on that sofa. Need to get your legs strong.
Can't sit all day on that sofa. Need to get your legs strong.If I break one you gonna shoot me?
Let go of me...GIVIN' UP THAT SWITCH LIKE A TRAMP! BEHIND MY BACK AND KILL MY BABY...!
Now that's sharp. That is sharp. Chain give you any trouble?Uh-uh.
I don't fuckin' cook.Gal, I been around hard-cursin' folk all my life. And let me tell you...
I can handle that.Well, get to it.
They sure liked them devilled eggs.You drink whiskey?
You take it straight?Sure.
Want another?We drinkin' buddies now?
We drinkin' buddies now?To freedom.
Still makin' jokes?No joke.
If you want... I can take you back to town now.I ain't in a hurry.
Could you do somethin' for me?Anything.
My life is gone. Only life I was livin'. And I lost it.I'm here with you.
Tell me what to do.The... chain helps.
I seen a man die. He couldn't breathe... his heart was... was givin' out.You just havin' a fit. You ain't goin' nowhere.
Oh, Laz... he hurt me. He... hurt me so many times.No one's gonna hurt you no more.
No one's gonna hurt you no more.You think God forgives people like that? You think God forgives people like me?
Where you gonna be?Right here. Be here all afternoon. You ready for this?
Right here. Be here all afternoon. You ready for this?I'm gonna just get some girl stuff, like make-up and... stuff.
You took care of your wife, like you do me?I tried.
What is it?Nothin'.
Get'chu at that table up yonder.By myself?
By myself?You can handle it.
Yeah, gal I been here before.I guess you have.
Laz? Can I sleep with you tonight?Don't think that'd be wise.
Don't think that'd be wise.I didn't mean it nothin' dirty.
Sorry.Looks like you know a song.
Looks like you know a song.Don't know where I learn't it, but... it's there in my head.
Go'on and sing it, I'll play.No, you do it. I can't sing.
What I love.Get a good picture in your mind.
I've had nice things before but I always ruined 'em somehow.Well, this one's yours now. You ready to take care of it?
I don't want you to let go.Maybe I won't.
This Rae... you get with her?Shit. Who hasn't?
Shit. Who hasn't?Why you say that?
She like it rough? You like beatin' on her?That ain't my scene. If that's somethin' you into...
That ain't my scene. If that's somethin' you into...Now, hold up.
What'chu sayin'?She a freak. Got what you call a sexual addiction.
What'chu sayin'?What I'm tellin' you. Girl gotta get dick or she go crazy.
She a freak. Got what you call a sexual addiction.What'chu sayin'?
What'chu sayin'?What I'm tellin' you. Girl gotta get dick or she go crazy.
Uh-huh.He tapped that.
He tapped that.Naw!
Naw!Go ask him.
You ever seen a train run on a woman?Nuh-uh.
How a girl get like that?Like I told you.
Don't know if God wanna see me.He knows where ya at. Just answer the door if he come knockin'.
Was that Lincoln James I seen run off?He's fine. Just had a bad fall.
He's fine. Just had a bad fall.Why's his britches round his knees?
Why's his britches round his knees?R.L., you gonna have to get on. I can't have nobody round my place.
Goin' dove huntin'?You gotta go, R.L.. I ain't foolin' this time.
You gotta go, R.L.. I ain't foolin' this time.You sayin' that gun's for me if I don't?
Ain't gonna be moved?Got no place for preachin' here. Not now. So you do as I say...
Got no place for preachin' here. Not now. So you do as I say...Or what?
Or what?I told you to TURN BACK!
Are you outta ya GODDAMN MIND?Man like you ought not take the Lord's name like you just done.
Man like you ought not take the Lord's name like you just done.A naked woman, chained in ya house?
Good. Makin' steaks for supper. I expect you to come.You mean with you and that woman chained to ya radiator?
You mean with you and that woman chained to ya radiator?You treat folks special when they company. It's just supper, R.L., shit.
You treat folks special when they company. It's just supper, R.L., shit.One thing at a time, Laz.
Pass them potatoes, Lincoln.Y'all let me know if these steaks are too dry.
Y'all let me know if these steaks are too dry.This all looks wonderful.
Mm. MM. Now these eggs got some kick to it. What'chu got in this?Ask the chef.
I'm dealin' with what God put before me.You believe He wants this? A woman chained to ya radiator?
You believe He wants this? A woman chained to ya radiator?Not like that.
Not like that.Then what?
Then what?She's tied to me, R.L.. We tied to each other.
The hell is this shit?What? I called Bojo, like you say. Called up the fellas in the band...
Heard about this morning.We ain't here to talk about that shit.
Yeah, you know you home, old man. You just walked through the door.I don't know, but I been told, them Georgia women sweet jelly roll.
You won't at the square this mornin'.Get me ten bags of mulch.
Get me ten bags of mulch.Yes'sir.
So... That your first time?Yes'sir.
Yes'sir.You struck some gold, didn't ya?
I skipped lunch.Well, dig in, son. Got plenty to eat.
You a preacher?That's right.
You could put it that way.But that's so fuckin' stupid. I'm sorry. Didn't mean to curse.
But that's so fuckin' stupid. I'm sorry. Didn't mean to curse.What's on your mind?
This ain't gonna work.Rae...
Rae don't do this now...It's stupid... It's so fucking stupid!
It's stupid... It's so fucking stupid!Rae!
Hey.Hey.
Hey.You don't gotta get up but... I gotta go...
I think if I just piss... I'll be okay.You feelin' sick?
You feelin' sick?I'm just in one of my moods. You know how I get.
I'm just in one of my moods. You know how I get.Yeah, I know.
I think it'd be better if you talk to me.Yeah?
Are you wasted?No. I just got a messed up stomach.
No. I just got a messed up stomach.Holy shit!
Holy shit!What?
What?Holy shit, Ronnie! You're a fuckin' rock star.
Holy shit, Ronnie! You're a fuckin' rock star.I'm a what?
I feel better. Do you?Yeah, I do.
Ronnie. Please, baby...Did 'ya have fun with her? Sweet as a peach, I bet. Huh? Huh?
What happened to your face?Got in a little accident.
Got in a little accident.Yeah.
I'm workin' here, Rae. Can you see that?I just wanted some make-up.
I just wanted some make-up.All that shit's on aisle 5.
I just think you should'a kept him off me, that's all.The hell are you talkin' about?
You got any money?Thought you had a man for that.
Thought you had a man for that.I said we wasn't gonna talk about him.
Just a cough. Sugar and a spoonful of Jack'll do it.Alright. How much you need, ho?
Alright. How much you need, ho?The hell you call me?
The hell you call me?Eh, if the bootie fits...
I think she got to you, pappy.You want a popsicle, go to Good Humor. And don't call me 'pappy.'
You want a popsicle, go to Good Humor. And don't call me 'pappy.'Still, you gotta wonder how she'd look in handcuffs.
Hey, hey, where you goin'?Home.
Wait up. You know the guy who did the Weismuller through the window ---- Cavello. Ronnie Cavello.
He works for Frank Abolofia. Atlantic City. Casinos.So why dive through the glass for a nickel and dime bust?
What's this?Let go...
Back-up.Get rid of it.
Get rid of it.Why?
Nick, let's go hunting. Bag Cavello.Charlie...
... I found the goombah... Cavello. He's ---- I should tear your head off.
What are they doing now?Eating Scungilli, just like the last time you asked.
Eating Scungilli, just like the last time you asked.Who do you think the Jap is?
Who do you think the Jap is?Maybe Cavello's buying a Subaru. How would I know?
Maybe Cavello's buying a Subaru. How would I know?I don't blame you for being sore. It'll pass when we bag him.
Charlie, don't do anything. Promise me?What?
Frank Abolofia.The Wolf?
Some party.Maybe we should do something?
Maybe we should do something?Charlie, take your gum, stick it under your ass and keep it warm.
What are you doing?Saving your life.
... Nick, you're the one that's always saying you never go anywhere.I was thinking the Poconos, Charlie. Maybe Vegas.
What'd you say?Where is the subway station, please.
Nick... You up?No.
Nick, have I been a good partner?Number five with a bullet.
Go to sleep, Charlie.You didn't take, did you...? You hear things.
I worked the three nine in Queens, Charlie.I didn't know.
Givin' you a book is like givin' a baby a gun.Hey, when in Rome --
Hey, when in Rome --In Rome, I'll bow.
Let's go.Nick, we can't just --
Nick, we can't just --I said let's go, Charlie.
... Detective Ich-iro Matsu-moto. Hey, we're getting Mr. Moto on our side.Let's grab some food.
Let's grab some food.First decent idea you've had.
This should be it...You said that in the last two places.
This the right place?I hope not.
Getting very weird.I'd feel better if we had some heat.
I'd feel better if we had some heat.Maybe we should bail?
It's incredible. Hit him or something.I don't think he'd feel it.
... He's a sorry old guy, but I like him.He couldn't find his ass with both hands.
Now that's the kind of motorcycle I want to see you on.Sure, a rice burning crotch rocket...
Squid?Pussy, ass, soft personnel.
Joyce can be nice.What'd she say?
What'd she say?That I should let you pay for the drinks. Kampai.
You cool, Ich?Cool?
Cool?You all right? You okay?
What does Ichiro mean, anyway?What does Charlie mean?
What does Charlie mean?Hey, all right.
Short shift?Yeah... I came to save you. If you're hopeless, I'll pull the plug.
It's getting too cold even for me, Nick.Connie...
Connie...All right, how's the new partner?
All right, how's the new partner?High spirits, desire, commitment.
High spirits, desire, commitment.You'll take care of that.
You'll take care of that.Give me a break, would you?
Give me a break, would you?If you give me one.
Are you expecting anyone?I wasn't expecting you.
Where do we start looking for this guy?Where would you look for the mafia?
No, this is the place for the young Yakuza.That's what you said in the last three piss pots.
... We got to keep looking. Track him down! Great balls of fire!What's the problem here?
Nick!Give us a break...
Give us a break...It's Ichiro. Ich.
It's Ichiro. Ich.Leave the rice cake outside and go home!
You know, Inspector, you take shit once, you take shit forever.I don't deserve Ohashi's respect.
I don't deserve Ohashi's respect.Why the hell not?
Why the hell not?I don't, that's all.
What happened?They made you leave your hotel... ... you caused a disturbance.
Why weren't you at the platform?I couldn't keep up. My shame is complete.
You must leave?Yeah...
Yeah...I'll get him for you, Nick.
I've continued working on the case!I can see that.
How'd you get this?I stole them.
What's he saying?He says they're very nice. He wants to know if you have anymore.
You said you could keep up with her! 'No problem, Nick-san.'No. Don't say anything. Don't do anything, and for Christ's sake, don't apologize!
No. Don't say anything. Don't do anything, and for Christ's sake, don't apologize!Nick...
What'd I tell you?There she is!
Did I say that?You toler -- yes, tolerate me.
You toler -- yes, tolerate me.Are we getting married?
You're doing fine, Ich. Now drop it, okay?Sure.
Nick...If you're gonna give me a hard time, wait outside.
Work, lunch, groceries, laundry... Fabulous...Four goddamn days. This is going nowhere...
Chikuwa, Hampen, Kobu, Konnayaku, Ganmodoki --Ichiro --
Ichiro --Broiled fish paste cake, Kelp roll, soybean curd, devils tongue --
Broiled fish paste cake, Kelp roll, soybean curd, devils tongue --Smells like Bayonne at low tide.
Yakuza.Good. Very good...
She disappeared... shit!You were too far behind.
You can't come in. They don't want --Gaiijin.
Gaiijin.I'll check it out.
If I smell one drop of Scotch on your breath, my friend --You can trust me.
I'm not drunk...We're through. I mean it. This is the end of the line, Matsumoto.
We're through. I mean it. This is the end of the line, Matsumoto.Nick --
Nick --Shut-up.
... A Godfather. His man was killed at the printing plant.I want to yank Kobo.
I want to yank Kobo.Not without a small army, Nicklaus- san.
Ich, my name is Nick. Not Nicklaus, not Nicklaus-san, not Nick-san. Nick.San is an honorable title.
Nick!A few minutes faster, we might've nailed him.
Where does this Sugai live?A resort city, Beppu.
A resort city, Beppu.I want to go talk to him.
I want to go talk to him.What...? Why?
What...? Why?Because he knows how to get to our man.
Because he knows how to get to our man.He'll never speak to a Gaiijin.
He'll never speak to a Gaiijin.I'll be a nice Gaiijin.
It's very small.Big enough.
Big enough.It's illegal, Nick.
It's illegal, Nick.It's a new deal. ... coming with me tomorrow?
No...Let's go. Him first.
Let's go. Him first.Nick, you can't do this.
Nick, you can't do this.It's done. You don't have to come.
Grab the keys, Ich, and get inside.No.
No.Not now, man, okay, not now. Work with me.
Start it.I can't...
Just one, compadre... Kampai.Kampai.
You did great, Ichiro.I called Ohashi, he'll be waiting. I like him waiting.
I was ready to have your ass for taking off on me.I followed them. An hour from the train station.
I followed them. An hour from the train station.How many men?
How many men?I couldn't tell.
I couldn't tell.Joyce?
Joyce?I don't know.
I don't know.We need the plate to negotiate with.
Someone attacked him.Now we've got nothing to negotiate with.
Thank you. You have one?A wife. She left.
A wife. She left.I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.Me too.
What's that for?Luck.
You know, Nick, we can't lose.Why's that?
Why's that?Because we're the biggest things to hit this town since Godzilla.
You all right?Yes...
Yes...Call for help.
Louder, pal, louder.Joyce, give the assistant Chief Inspector a drink, would you?
Think we'll get him, Nick?We can't lose.
We can't lose.How can you be so sure?
Don't give him any more.He gets as much as he wants.
Ich said you left.There was a change in plans.
Dead gaiijin's are big news.Gaiijin?
Gaiijin?An outside person. A foreigner. A barbarian. You, me. More you.
An outside person. A foreigner. A barbarian. You, me. More you.I could use some help. Show me around. I'll pay you for your time.
I could use some help. Show me around. I'll pay you for your time.I don't give tours.
You can count on the truth from people who don't like you.You have a helluva way of asking for help.
You have a helluva way of asking for help.You have a helluva way of answering.
Maybe I'm a quicker learner.I don't think so.
She ever pull down her shades?Sure, but then I just pull out the photos.
Don't be an ass.He's on duty.
He's on duty.I paid for that.
I need your help, Joyce.Where's Ich?
Where's Ich?Unavailable.
I need someone to translate for me.My Japanese isn't that hot... Besides, you'll never get in.
My Japanese isn't that hot... Besides, you'll never get in.It's my last shot. I have to be on a plane home tomorrow night.
It's my last shot. I have to be on a plane home tomorrow night.And I'm supposed to care?
And I'm supposed to care?You could fake it.
You're wrong to sell Ich short.He drinks.
He drinks.He's got a reason.
Where's the wife?You met her.
I'd invite you up but I know you'd hate the incense. I chant.What do you chant?
What do you chant?'Nam oyo ranged kyo.' You think it's dumb of course.
'Nam oyo ranged kyo.' You think it's dumb of course.Not if it works. I'll meet you at the train?
Not if it works. I'll meet you at the train?I don't remember saying yes.
I don't remember saying yes.I don't remember you saying no.
They want your autograph.Who am I supposed to be?
Who am I supposed to be?This little guy thinks you're Robert Redford... the other one thinks you're Charles Bronson...
This little guy thinks you're Robert Redford... the other one thinks you're Charles Bronson...Tell them I'm not.
We're in?The cheese...
You'll get Ich killed.No one's keeping him here.
No one's keeping him here.Bullshit, Nick. And don't tell me this is all just about Charlie. It's not.
Bullshit, Nick. And don't tell me this is all just about Charlie. It's not.Why would you care?
I still think you're a bastard.What if I chant?
What if I chant?Wouldn't help. Watch out for Ich.
Might be different in New York.Maybe. If I come visit, we can find out.
Maybe. If I come visit, we can find out.I'd like that.
Keep the change.I'm taking you back.
I like your friend, Joyce. You're lucky.Guess I'm on a roll.
Guess I'm on a roll.She's such a long way home for you.
She's such a long way home for you.Time, I've got plenty of.
This is my stop.I'm amused.
I'm amused.Don't be.
Sugai won't give it to me, you know that.Then take it from him.
How big a package we talking about?This by this...
This by this...Dope?
Dope?Not in that company.
One guy do all the damage?Yeah.
Yeah.Thought you knew your way around dark alleys, detective.
Why?He's wanted in Japan. They want him first. Then we can have him.
He's wanted in Japan. They want him first. Then we can have him.What?
You and Charlie are taking the Jap home, tonight.What...? What if I say no?
It's not your job.He was my partner.
He killed a police officer.Your plane's at nine a.m. Be on it. That's orders. Period.
I want a gun.It is not allowed.
It is not allowed.We're police officers.
We're police officers.You're foreigners.
You're foreigners.Work with me. I want your best detective.
Hey, inspector, I don't intend to take the rap for this.Do you know what this is?
Could you fill me in?Why don't you ask your chief detective?
Because I want you to tell me.The young are eating the old, something that usually doesn't happen here.
The young are eating the old, something that usually doesn't happen here.Can we skip the poetry, inspector?
While you were hanging out at the visa office, we found the son-of-a- bitch.Look.
Hey...! HEY, I'M TALKING TO YOU, INSPECTOR!Twenty-four hours, detective.
Your plane leaves at six. Two officers will escort you.For God's sake, Ohashi, I need your help. Let me out of here!
For God's sake, Ohashi, I need your help. Let me out of here!You had my help, detective.
You had my help, detective.If anything happens to her while I'm here --
I have to get to Sugai.Goodbye, officer.
I want him.He'll be dealt with.
Our associates in New York were close to closing a deal with us.The families who control the casinos?
You trust me?I'll pay you.
If I say no?You're smarter than Kobo. You know the price of deceit. Think about it.
You're smarter than Kobo. You know the price of deceit. Think about it.I don't have to.
That wasn't our deal.You want him dead too.
You want him dead too.After a court convicts him. He belongs to me.
Can't thank you enough, Mr. Sebastian. If you hadn't come along...We were worried to death. It's awfully kind of you.
You certainly have a nice place here.Well stocked.
He knows what he's doing.If he won't cooperate?
Let's go while there is still time.Where?
Where?Anywhere.
What's the point?Not to be trapped.
Not to be trapped.You underestimate the trap, Mary.
One man. He must be good.Then go get him.
Then go get him.That wouldn't be very sporting.
The name is Batty. Roy Batty.Oh?
I'm surprised you didn't come to me sooner.It's not an easy thing to meet your maker.
It's not an easy thing to meet your maker.And what can he do for you?
And what can he do for you?Can the maker repair what he makes?
Can the maker repair what he makes?Would you like to be modified?
Would you like to be modified?Had in mind something a little more radical.
Had in mind something a little more radical.What's the problem?
What's the problem?Death.
Death.I'm afraid that's a little out of my...
I want more life, fucker.Come here.
Also you're too valuable to experiment with.I am?
I've done some questionable things.Also extraordinary things.
Also extraordinary things.Nothing the God of biomechanics wouldn't let you in heaven for.
Oh, no bother, I'd be glad to.Well, actually
Why are you staring at us?You're just all so... so different.
What, Sebastian?You're androids.
What generation are you?Nexus - 6.
Show me something?Like what?
Like what?Like...
We have a lot in common.You mean that you can't come here and I can't go there?
Of course not.You could help us.
What about your friend, the man who owns this building?Dr. Tyrell?
Tyrell could help us, Sebastian.He could?
He could?His company made us.
His company made us.I'd be happy to mention it to him.
No.When do you deliver your project?
When do you deliver your project?This afternoon.
You're our best and only friend.Thank you.
Where are you going, Sebastian?Just thought I'd...
Just thought I'd...No, you stay here with us. Out last night together.
What's going on down there?He's not ready yet.
He's not ready yet.When?
When?Tomorrow, he says.
This is my Uncle Roy, Sebastian.Hello, glad to meet you.
I think, therefore I am.Very good, Pris. Now show him why.
I want to do it.Okay, but don't kill him. Save a little for everybody. A masterpiece.
What was the cover on the one that got Holden?Industrial refuse.
Industrial refuse.Garbage man?
I didn't like her.You didn't like her!?
Look, go home. Get some rest. Take an aspirin.Yeah.
Yeah.This is Bryant. Are you alone?
This is Bryant. Are you alone?Yeah.
Yeah.She's not with you?
She's not with you?Who.
Take a number. Canapt 1700, tenth floor, Villa Vita District, Olympia South.Got it.
Yeah. I got it.Go.
It's gotta be right for my customer.Your customer, eh?
Well, when do you get paid?Soon as I finish the job.
Soon as I finish the job.When might that be?
When might that be?Day after tomorrow.
Day after tomorrow.Oh! Day after tomorrow.
You equipped for random questions?Why, yes, of course.
Why, yes, of course.You start.
I know all that.What about a summary then.
What about a summary then.I think we're through for the night.
Yes?Do you have something against science?
Do you have something against science?Not if it works.
Not if it works.And what in your estimation works?
And what in your estimation works?The umbrella.
Four years. Which would make her termination date...Never mind. Do they have that knowledge?
Never mind. Do they have that knowledge?Longevity is classified. No.
I think I have no money.It's okay. Forget it.
It's okay. Forget it.But I would like to buy you drink.
But I would like to buy you drink.I'll but you one. What'll you have?
I'll but you one. What'll you have?Vodka!
Vodka!Shot of vodka, please.
Shot of vodka, please.Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.My pleasure.
Prosit.Prosit.
You want to see my friends?Sorry, don't have the time.
Sorry, don't have the time.No problem.
Those cockroaches?Ya.
How long you had these guys?Two months. But this one is not guy. It is girl. His girl.
Prosit.Prosit.
You like to kiss her goodbye.No thanks.
I like you.I like you too.
I like you too.One more, eh?
One more, eh?I gotta piss.
How old am I?I don't know.
My birthday is April 10, 2015. How long do I live?Four years.
Don't make me laugh. It makes me pee.Sorry.
Sorry.Hey, it's okay. I like to pee. So how are you doing?
Hey, it's okay. I like to pee. So how are you doing?I'm doing okay.
Yeah. But that's what I wanted to talk to you about.Money?
Money?No. I got a problem.
No. I got a problem.Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.I think I'm starting to empathize with these Nexus-sixes.
What's that?I'm taking a piss.
Nerves of steel.No rust?
Meaning?Meaning you don't run as fast as you used to.
During the road test...Yeah?
Yeah?Your mind kept wandering. That bothered me.
Your mind kept wandering. That bothered me.Huh huh.
Huh huh.Considering the nature of your work, that could be unhealthy.
Considering the nature of your work, that could be unhealthy.True.
But you haven't put in for emigration.Nope.
Nope.You're going to be over the limit.
What if you change your mind?They'll change the limit before I change my mind.
They'll change the limit before I change my mind.You sure?
You sure?Never been more sure of anything in my life.
Why didn't you go?Too old.
Too old.But if you could?
My job is here.Me too.
Taffey Lewis?Yes?
Yes?Can I come in?
I'd like you to take a look at these pictures.Of course.
What did she want?Who?
Who?The girl that doesn't look like that girl.
The girl that doesn't look like that girl.Nothing. She wanted to know about suck night.
Nothing. She wanted to know about suck night.What night?
Book the good ones for where?Lots of places. The tours, the clubs, the Silicone shows, private parties.
Lots of places. The tours, the clubs, the Silicone shows, private parties.What shows?
Yeah?I'm with the American Federation of Variety Artists...
There's been reports of management sexually abusing the artists in this place.I don't know nothing about it.
I don't know nothing about it.You haven't felt yourself to be exploited by the management in any way?
What the fuck for?For holes.
It's a good job.You mean the snake.
The best.Does it eat?
Does it eat?Come on.
Jeezus!Sorry.
Sorry.Hey! Do your job but don't wreck mine, huh?
Me.And who do I go to about you?
It's artificial?Of course not.
Are you apprehensive?Why should I be?
I'd take him to the doctor.You're watching T.V. and suddenly you notice a wasp crawling on your wrist.
You're watching T.V. and suddenly you notice a wasp crawling on your wrist.I'd kill it.
In a magazine you come across a full-page photo of a nude girl.Is this testing whether I'm an android or a lesbian?
I'd never get an abortion.Why not?
Why not?That would be murder, Mr. Deckard.
That would be murder, Mr. Deckard.In your opinion.
In your opinion.It would be my child.
It would be my child.Sounds like you speaks from experience.
Is there anything else?I know you think it complicates your work, but I'm here to help.
I know you think it complicates your work, but I'm here to help.I've already got more help than I need.
I've already got more help than I need.I think you need more help than you've got.
Sounds like I'm an ass-hole either way, but the answer is still no.Two of us might be more effective than one.
Two of us might be more effective than one.I work alone.
You use your equipment, don't you?So?
So?So, I'm a piece of equipment. Use me.
Do I make you nervous?Yeah.
Yeah.I'm sorry.
I can imagine.Can you? I couldn't.
They probably want to find out when they were made.Right.
Don't just stand there looking at me. It's not polite.What do you want me to do?
What do you want me to do?Sit.
You ever take a bath with a man before?There's a lot I haven't done with a man before.
I told you I'd come back.You did?
You did?You didn't hear me. You were sleeping.
Who is this?Me and my dad.
Me and my dad.Where is he?
Where is he?Dead.
Dead.Oh.
How are you doing?Not too good.
What do people do in the afternoon?If they are smart, they take naps.
Do you dream?Yeah. Sometimes.
Yeah. Sometimes.I wish I could.
Did you cry when your father died?Yeah.
Yeah.That's another thing I can't do.
Nobody is freer than when he dreams. I read that.It wasn't very good last night, was it?
What?I don't know... I think I missed something.
I don't know... I think I missed something.Like?
Like?I'm not sure. Is there a secret?
When was the last time you cleaned this place?Hmmm?
Hmmm?Have you ever cleaned your apartment?
Have you ever cleaned your apartment?Don't be fooled by appearances.
Don't be fooled by appearances.It appears to be dirty -- why don't you get somebody?
They could clean around the arrangement.I don't like people snooping around my stuff.
But if I don't plug it in how can I...Never mind the plug, just go through the motions.
Never mind the plug, just go through the motions.But then how can you...
But then how can you...I don't like the noise. Just practice. Practice makes perfect.
This feels stupid.Good for a smart girl to feel stupid. Part of your education.
You're sick, Deckard.I never felt better.
Have you ever known anybody a long time?You mean a woman?
You mean a woman?Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.What's a long time?
What's a long time?Ten years.
Ten years.Nope. Nobody could stand me that long.
Why do you call it retire, why don't you call it murder?Because it's not.
Because it's not.Don't you think anything that can suffer deserves to be considered?
Don't you think anything that can suffer deserves to be considered?Andies only simulate suffering -- if they're programmed for it.
Andies only simulate suffering -- if they're programmed for it.Do you think I simulated what happened between us?
Do you think I simulated what happened between us?No, I don't.
Don't leave here. Don't open the door, don't answer the phone.What difference will it make?
What difference will it make?Just wait here.
You know what I think?What?
What?That some of the folks around here are more programmed then me.
Where the hell you been?You know where I been. I been on vacation.
What's up?Holden got hit.
Bad?Severed spine. You'd better get in here. Bryant's waiting for you.
Severed spine. You'd better get in here. Bryant's waiting for you.I'll see you in a minute.
Thanks.Black?
Black?Please.
Is this to be an empathy test?Yes.
May I ask a personal question?Go ahead.
Go ahead.Have you ever retired a human by mistake?
Have you ever retired a human by mistake?No.
No.But in your profession that is a risk.
But in your profession that is a risk.Nothing is infallible, but so far the Voight-Kampff scale bas been foolproof.
One that relies on human interpretation. Where's the subject?Sitting next to you.
Well?If she is, the machine works.
If she is, the machine works.The machine works. She is.
How many questions did it take?Thirteen.
How many questions does it usually take, Mr. Deckard?Five, maybe six.
And how is it one man will be able to cover so much ground?Discreetly.
Let's keep our eyes on the road, Deckard.Sorry.
I'm tired of this.Almost through.
I kinda get nervous when I take tests.Don't move.
Don't move.Sorry.
What?What desert?
What desert?Doesn't make any difference what desert -- it's completely hypothetical.
Doesn't make any difference what desert -- it's completely hypothetical.But how come I'd be there?
A tortoise. What's that?Know what a turtle is?
Know what a turtle is?Of course.
Of course.Same thing.
Same thing.I never seen a turtle.
But I understand what you mean.You reach down and flip the tortoise over on its back, Leon.
Whatcha mean, I'm not helping?I mean you're not helping! Why is that, Leon?
How come you were in my truck?I was tired and didn't have any place to go.
What's your name?Pris.
Pris.Mine's J.F. Sebastian.
Mine's J.F. Sebastian.Hi.
You want to go home?I don't have one.
I don't have one.Oh.
Where are your folks?They left.
They left.What about friends?
What about friends?I have some, but I have to find out where they are staying.
We scared each other pretty good didn't we?We sure did.
I'm hungry, J.F.I've got stuff. If you wanna go to my place?
I've got stuff. If you wanna go to my place?I was hoping you'd say that.
Whatcha doin'?You scared me.
You look... better.Just better.
Just better.Beautiful.
Beautiful.Thanks.
And you live in this building all by yourself?Yeah, I live here pretty much alone right now...
Twenty.What's your problem?
Methuselah Syndrome.What's that?
What's that?My glands. They grow old too fast.
My glands. They grow old too fast.Is that why you're still here?
Is that why you're still here?Yes. I couldn't pass the test.
Sebastian doesn't like to go out too much.I keep a lot of provisions right here.
What makes you think so?You're all so perfect.
Hi!Yes?
Oh, now, that's a great one!You like it?
You like it?Bravo!
Bravo!Thank-Q!
This is my new friend...I'm Adam Webber.
I'm Adam Webber.He's really funny!
We work on Rodeo Drive. But we're both professional dancers.Really?
You're kidding!No, I'm not! My mom taught me.
No, I'm not! My mom taught me.Your mom was a dancer?
I'm Nina Aron, Adam.How do you do?
Fallout shelter. There's a difference.Adam, I'd like to introduce you to my associate -- Mr. Brown.
Come where?My office.
My office.For how long?
For how long?Well, that depends...
Let's go talk first, Adam.Yes, ma'am.
How do you do?I do fine, Adam. How 'bout yourself? You doin' any good?
But I do miss that green sport coat of yours.Thank you very much. But, Cliff, that's my seat. And I was just--
Thank you very much. But, Cliff, that's my seat. And I was just--How 'bout a drink at the bar?
Please excuse this interruption.Oh, brother...
Cliff, I must warn you. I know how to defend myself.Do ya?
Maybe we shouldn't fight at all. Fighting is pretty immature.It certainly is. I agree with you completely.
It certainly is. I agree with you completely.Eve? I'm leaving.
Bon soir, mademoiselle!Are you French?
Are you French?No. I'm from out of town. I'm here on business.
Get out of here!No, you get out of here.
Come on, Heathcliff, I'll walk you to the corner.Yes, ma'am. But my name is Adam.
No, I'm lost.You're lost?
You're lost?Say,...did you just lose your job because of me?
Say,...did you just lose your job because of me?Forget it. I'm sick of working for that dickhead.
Forget it. I'm sick of working for that dickhead.Dickhead?
Dickhead?A walking penis capable of intelligent speech. A dickhead.
What's wrong with you?I just had a mental picture of...
I just had a mental picture of...Here, pick these up!
I came on a bus.Why doesn't that surprise me?
Why doesn't that surprise me?I don't know. Why doesn't it?
Well, I guess because I'm a little psychic...I have this thing.Oh, that's nice.
So far?Yes, I'm right?
Yes, I'm right?Right.
Again.Where are you staying? The Holiday Inn?
Where are you staying? The Holiday Inn?Yes! Yes! The Holiday Inn! That's exactly right!
Yes! Yes! The Holiday Inn! That's exactly right!See? I'm psychic. Not completely, but pretty much. That was pretty good, wasn't it?!
See? I'm psychic. Not completely, but pretty much. That was pretty good, wasn't it?!It was amazing.
It was amazing.Yeah. Thanks. Anyhow, let me predict a bus for you to get on.
Yeah. Thanks. Anyhow, let me predict a bus for you to get on.Do you own a car?
If it will make you feel any better, I don't have a gun.You don't?
You don't?Nope.
Nope.Well, that changes everything. Get the fuck away from me!! I mean it!!
I'm sorry! I said something wrong, didn't I! Please forgive me!Get away from me!!
Rogers Hornsby?!?He's all yours. I was holding him back.
Yes.And that's it?
And that's it?Yes.
Yes.I don't have to take a physical in your space ship?
I don't have to take a physical in your space ship?Heck, no! What?!
Heck, no! What?!Okay. What the hell? You got a deal. Get in.
So...Mister Andretti, your first time on the freeway?It's Webber. Adam Webber.
It's Webber. Adam Webber.Mind if I change the station? Better traffic reports on AM.
Wait! Wait!What is it?!
What is it?!It's Perry!
It's Perry!Perry?
Perry?Perry Como! You had him! Go back! Go back!
Perry Como! You had him! Go back! Go back!Okay, okay! Take it easy!
How's that?Oh, I could die...
Oh, I could die...Over this?
Over this?Yeah! Listen to this part. This is where it really takes off!
Yeah! Listen to this part. This is where it really takes off!You are one scary son-of-a-gun.
Hey, what are you doing?!I know a short-cut.
That was...wonderful! I've never felt anything like that in my life.Yeah, same here. Don't forget your suitcase.
Yeah, same here. Don't forget your suitcase.Right.
I can't, it's yours.Take it. damn it!
Take it. damn it!Okay.
Why are you doing that?I haven't brushed yet.
I haven't brushed yet.Oh. Okay. Well, so long. Enjoy your visit.
Wait, Eve, please! Wait.Please don't follow me. Don't do it!
I knew this would happen! You're like a lost puppy!Can't you please just talk to me for one second?
Can't you please just talk to me for one second?Okay! Damn!
Troy? Is he your husband? Or a boyfriend?No.
No.Thank-Q!
Watching television in color.Hey, no kidding? In color?
Hey, no kidding? In color?Cross my heart and hope to die.
See, ya.Why doesn't it never work out?
Why doesn't it never work out?What?
What?Why does it never work out? You and...men?
Why does it never work out? You and...men?Why?! Who the hell knows?!
Why not go to work for me?Doing what?
Well, they're not starving yet, but they need help.How long would you need me?
How long would you need me?Two weeks.
Two weeks.What's the pay?
What's the pay?What's fair?
What's fair?I've got to make at least a thousand a week.
You got it! Wait here while I change.Sure.
Why not buy them milk or something-- instead of Dr. Pepper?They like Dr. Pepper.
They like Dr. Pepper.Who are these people?
Who are these people?My Mom and Dad.
My Mom and Dad.Very funny, smart ass.
Very funny, smart ass.Hey! Pipe tobacco! I'm going to need all of this! This is swell!
Wait! Wait!What?
Well, another day, another dollar. Stop staring at me!!Sorry.
Pick you up at eight tomorrow morning.Hey, you know. I was thinking...
Hey, you know. I was thinking...Night!
We'll have to rent a refrigerated truck for the beef and poultry.It's your life. And, by the way, it's a dandy.
It's your life. And, by the way, it's a dandy.I guess we'll need another locker.
I guess we'll need another locker.No problem. We'll just sell another baseball card.
Thank you.And, um ...I guess... I guess you and I, uh...
Okay.Now, let's take the truck back and get something to eat.
There's something else I would like you to help me with.Name it.
Name it.Well, this is going to sound a little crazy.
Well, this is going to sound a little crazy.Oh, I'm sure it will!
Oh, I'm sure it will!Then forget it.
Then forget it.No, no! I'm sorry! What is it?
No, no! I'm sorry! What is it?This is for me.
This is for me.Think of me as your genie. Just ask.
Well... Okay. I would like you to help me find a...wife.A wife?
A wife?Yes.
Yes.What for?
What for?Because I want to get married.
Because I want to get married.Why?!
Why?!I don't want to be alone.
I don't want to be alone.You can be single and not alone. Marriage bites!
You can be single and not alone. Marriage bites!Bites what?
Bites what?The big one!
The big one!It does?
It does?Sure.
Sure.I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.Everybody knows that. Ask my divorced sisters. Or ask my divorced mom and dad.
Everybody knows that. Ask my divorced sisters. Or ask my divorced mom and dad.They're all divorced?
They're all divorced?Everybody's divorced.
Everybody's divorced.It didn't used to be that way.
It didn't used to be that way.I wouldn't know. What kind of wife are you looking for?
I wouldn't know. What kind of wife are you looking for?One who's not a mutant.
One who's not a mutant.No dogs, huh? Okay.
No dogs, huh? Okay.And if possible, I'd like to marry someone from Pasadena.
When do you need her by?Two weeks.
Could we talk about that a little later?Of course.
Of course.Thank you.
Get out!The engine is still running.
Now, get out!!Yes, ma'am!
Yes, ma'am!Stop that ma'am crap!
Stop that ma'am crap!Sorry!
You almost got us killed!I told you I've never driven before!
I told you I've never driven before!Never drive again!
Never drive again!You said it would be easy!
You said it would be easy!I was wrong!!
I was wrong!!Is this your house?
Is this your house?Yes!
Yes!I like it.
Actually,no. I was wondering why Cliff likes to wear another man's underpants.What?!
Here you go. One champagne cocktail.Thank-Q!
Thank-Q!I thought only hookers drank those things.
I thought only hookers drank those things.Well, I know Mom sure likes 'em!
Okay, let's see...I'm not promising anything. You okay?Um-hum.
Um-hum.I'm seeing...snow... lots of snow. Way up North. Are we getting hot?
I'm seeing...snow... lots of snow. Way up North. Are we getting hot?Yes!
Where's he gone?He's gone to check your answers on his computer.
He's gone to check your answers on his computer.He has a computer?
He has a computer?Sure.
Sure.In the house?
May I please be excused?Uh...yeah.
All right.So, what are you seeing?
The what?Wazoo! Try to listen. Whataya think? Surfer, grunge, hip- hop, Euro trash?
The guy with the underpants!That's boring!
About clothing?Yeah.
Yeah.Whatever you two want. If you've got the time, I've got the wazoo.
Yeah? No kidding. Listen, you still want to go girl hunting tonight?I certainly do!
No it's not!Yes it is. A girlfriend maybe. But a wife? I mean...
Would you do it just because you're my friend? My very best friend.Well...yeah. Okay.
My goodness gracious! This place is something!Look unimpressed.
No! Not crazy!Do I look crazy?
Do I look crazy?Yes!
Quit showing off! We're here on business!Good-bye!
I thought I was here to meet women.Not that one!
Not that one!I like her.
I like her.And don't be so obvious!
What have you ordered?It's a Rob Roy. A very popular drink, I'm told.
What about her?No way.
No way.Why?! I think she's very attractive.
Okay. I like that.Yeah, sweet. That's a nice way of putting it.
Yeah, sweet. That's a nice way of putting it.What do I say to Miss Sweet when I meet her?
That's ridiculous.Maybe. But that's how it works.
Yeah. Could be. Go say hello, Romeo. Looks like a healthy non-mutant to me.Okay. All right. And what do I say?
Okay. All right. And what do I say?Say something surprising. And funny. Lie, if need be.
What?Romeo and Juliet. I cried at the end.
Romeo and Juliet. I cried at the end.Did you?
Why are you suddenly so mad at me?Don't change the subject! I want you to tell me the truth about yourself.
I want to know exactly who you are and what you're really up to!All right. Let me tell you the whole thing. In 1962--
Adam?!I'm sorry.
I don't blame you!Eve, I'm sorry.
I'm leaving, too.But, Eve, I would--
Eve?!Scare me, why don't you?!!? You stupid son of a bitch!!!
Scare me, why don't you?!!? You stupid son of a bitch!!!I'm really sorry!
I know...and I'm really sorry.Well, you should be! Thanks to you, my heart is in my neck!
Well, you should be! Thanks to you, my heart is in my neck!What?
What?Goodnight!
Eve, if you'll let me, I can --Look! I'm limping! How attractive is that?! What if this is for life?!
Look! I'm limping! How attractive is that?! What if this is for life?!I know first aid!
I know first aid!Well, you had better!!
There.Thanks.
I went to Sophie's and she was very hospitable.Is that what you call it?
Adam...dumb question, but humor me. Have you ever had sex before?No.
Uh-huh. Adam?Yes, Eve?
Not at all. And Eve thank you for tonight...and for the kiss. My first.My pleasure.
My pleasure.It was at least as good as the sky.
It was at least as good as the sky.Really? Okay!
Really? Okay!And I think better than the ocean. I'm serious!
And I think better than the ocean. I'm serious!Neat. Goodnight!
Hi, Eve!Hi, Adam. This is, uh....
...All right, Eve. If you say so....I do.
Is that a birthday cake?!Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.Gee-ma-nee!
Is this because of the radiation?What?
What?Nothing.
Good evening. I want to stay at this hotel.Fill this out please. And I'll need a card.
Fill this out please. And I'll need a card.A card?
A card?Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.Of course!
Yes.I've got to go, now.
I've got to go, now.Of course you do. I'll stay here and pray.
No. I don't need money anymore -- I see that now.How do I leave here?
How do I leave here?The front door is open. Will you be back?
The front door is open. Will you be back?I promise.
I've got almost everything we need! And this nice man...Archbishop Melker. We met earlier.
They're pretty. Can I have them?Sure. Now, let's move on to our French exam.
Sure. Now, let's move on to our French exam.Latin exam, Dad. It's Tuesday.
Latin exam, Dad. It's Tuesday.You're right! It's Tuesday already! By gosh, time flies, doesn't it?!
You're right! It's Tuesday already! By gosh, time flies, doesn't it?!Tempus fugit!
Tempus fugit!En arte voluptus. Que les bons temps roul!
En arte voluptus. Que les bons temps roul!Gerade aus dann links!
Gerade aus dann links!Sorgen sie bitte dafur das die gepack sorgfaltic behandeldt warren!
Sorgen sie bitte dafur das die gepack sorgfaltic behandeldt warren!Haben sie etuas nettes in leder?!
These are wonderful.It's my entire baseball collection. It's yours now.
It's my entire baseball collection. It's yours now.What's baseball?
What's baseball?It's a game, son. I can explain it pretty easily. There's a pitcher.
It's a game, son. I can explain it pretty easily. There's a pitcher.Like a painting?
Like a painting?No, son. A pitcher.
No, son. A pitcher.Like one of Mom's?
The nocturnal flying mammal?No. Sit down.
No, no! The runner on second goes to third! He's out there!Why?
Why?Because he's forced out at third! It's a force!
Because he's forced out at third! It's a force!Then why go there?
Then why go there?Because he must!
Thank you, Mom! Thanks, Dad!Blow out the candles!
Oh, boy! A jacket!Your mom made that all by herself.
Your mom made that all by herself.No kidding!
Holy Cow! What the heck are these?!Your roller-skates! I redesigned them! I think this new design will work even better!
Your roller-skates! I redesigned them! I think this new design will work even better!These are really swell! I mean swell!
C'est bon, Monsieur.Merci!
Adam...don't forget...don't forget ...Yes, father?! Yes?
Yes, father?! Yes?...the pipe tobacco.
...the pipe tobacco.Yes, sir. Is that all?
Also...stay out of the "Adult Bookstore."Adult Bookstore. Why?
Adult Bookstore. Why?Poison gas. Invisible. Don't forget.
Poison gas. Invisible. Don't forget.I promise. Is that all?
But, I don't understand.And, I'm asking you to trust me without understanding why.
And, I'm asking you to trust me without understanding why.Well, in that case...of course, son.
It's Ukrainian. Her grandparents immigrated here.Uh-huh.
That's what everybody believes?Yes, sir. It's true.
Yes, sir. It's true.What? Did the politburo just one day say - "We give up?"
What? Did the politburo just one day say - "We give up?"Yes. That's kind of how it was.
Yes. That's kind of how it was.Uh-huh.
You have very nice ceilings.I do? Well, thank you! You like ceilings?
I do? Well, thank you! You like ceilings?Not particularly.
I love Lucy!You nut!
It's a very small place. People don't even know it's there.And it's called...?
And it's called...?Maybe Eve can guess. She's psychic.
Maybe Eve can guess. She's psychic.Really? Since when?
Right on the button.Well, Dionne Warwick, guess his home town.
That's right?I've never met anyone like you in my life.
I've never met anyone like you in my life.She's right?!
I've got goose-bumps all over me.Why not just go to... Nome for supplies and a wife? Isn't that closer?
1959.Who use to own it?
Who use to own it?Russia.
Russia.When did we get it from them?
What's the capitol?Juneau.
Juneau.Hello! It's Anchorage! Gotcha!
Hello! It's Anchorage! Gotcha!Sorry, that's the largest city.
This must be very new.Yeah.
Yeah.It's so small.
It's so small.What are you talking about? This is the new Mac. You a hacker?
What are you talking about? This is the new Mac. You a hacker?I don't think so.
I don't think so.You don't have a computer in your cabin?
You don't have a computer in your cabin?No.
Mt. McKinley. It's also the highest point in North America.Okay, maybe she is psychic. Let's go eat!
Okay, maybe she is psychic. Let's go eat!That would knock my father out.
That would knock my father out.Yeah?
Yeah?Oh, yes. It would probably kill him.
Oh, yes. It would probably kill him.He's a Windows guy then, huh?
He's a Windows guy then, huh?Yes. He likes windows.
Yes. He likes windows.Well, I think Windows stink. What do you think of that?
Well, I think Windows stink. What do you think of that?...I guess it's...just a matter of personal taste.
...I guess it's...just a matter of personal taste.True.
Not on him.I'm not wearing his pants.
I'm not wearing his pants.Why not? He has great pants.
Why not? He has great pants.I just don't want to.
I just don't want to.Okay.
Isn't it a little tiring to sit up straight like that?No.
I guess a lot of those tall buildings we saw this morning are new.Almost all of them.
Almost all of them.The recovery is very impressive.
The recovery is very impressive.The recovery? Oh , yeah! Hey, they rebuilt the freeway in six months.
The recovery? Oh , yeah! Hey, they rebuilt the freeway in six months.Amazing. I'm very impressed.
That's why little things mean so much to him.I LOVE THIS!!
Why did you park way back there?Miss Rustokov refuses to let total strangers drive her car.
Miss Rustokov refuses to let total strangers drive her car.Oh. I see.
What?!Ladies first, Troy! That was close.
Yes! Lying is always a very effective dating tool.Okay. Thank you, my friends.
Okay, Troy! Let's get those all-beef frozen patties!How 'bout we check with Eve first?
How 'bout we check with Eve first?You bet!
You bet!So, did you buy a movie?
So, did you buy a movie?What?
What?A magazine? A toy perhaps? In the bookstore.
A magazine? A toy perhaps? In the bookstore.No, I wouldn't go in one of those places with a gas mask on.
No, I wouldn't go in one of those places with a gas mask on.I know what you mean! I usually wear a big hat and dark glasses.
I know what you mean! I usually wear a big hat and dark glasses.Does that work?
Does that work?Yeah...Seems to.
Good-bye, Adam.Goodbye.
Bye, Troy!Bye, Adam!
Bye, Adam!And thanks for always being happy!
And thanks for always being happy!What?
You dial nine to get out.Of what?
Of what?The hotel.
The hotel.I see. Well, thank you very much. You've been very, very nice.
Thank you. Your father is a smart guy.My father is a genius.
My father is a genius.No kiddin'. Well...good night.
How old are you?Thirty-five.
Thirty-five.You don't look thirty-five.
You don't look thirty-five.How old do I look?
How old do I look?Twenty-five? Around there.
Twenty-five? Around there.I guess living up here makes people look older.
I guess living up here makes people look older.Up here on the fifteenth floor?
Up here on the fifteenth floor?Yes. Up here on the fifteenth floor. Goodnight.
Yes. Up here on the fifteenth floor. Goodnight.Goodnight.
What? What is it?!The sky!!!
The sky!!!The sky? Where?
The sky? Where?Up there!!
Up there!!I don't see anything!
I don't see anything!Just look!!
Help you?Yes, please. I'm looking for all beef patties.
Come on. Frozen. How much are they?Frozen, they're six-thirty a dozen in the three pound box.
Whatcha looking at?Oh, my holy stars! A Negro!
Oh, my holy stars! A Negro!Say what?!
Say what?!How do you do, ma'am.
How do you do, ma'am.I do alright.
I do alright.Good!
Hello.Hi.
How--how much do you want for the Mickey Mantle, rookie season?I was thinking of selling all the cards.
I was thinking of selling all the cards.Really? No kidding?
Oh, that would be wonderful!Well, we're here to help!
I didn't want to leave without saying how much I admire your jewelry.Hey, smart ass, how 'bout I kick your butt?
Oh. A nice one, I hope.Yes, ma'am.
Elbows, Son.Sorry, Mom!
Sorry, Mom!You never know. You may someday dine at the White House with the president.
Dad!Oh, no! Oh, my goodness! Let's get him into the bedroom.
I'm afraid you've got to.I'll be all right.
I'll be all right.You're my brave boy.
Right.I just hope this is still good up there.
I just hope this is still good up there.Mom?
Here's the shopping list and $3,000 which should take care of everything.Yes, ma'am.
Are you in trouble, son?!I think I'm being chased by a psychiatrist.
I think I'm being chased by a psychiatrist.A psychiatrist?!
Mom? Eve and I have to go.What?
We have to go.No, wait! At least stay for dinner!
This is your bedroom?No, Mom, I've turned it into Dad's office.
No, Mom, I've turned it into Dad's office.Well, where are you --
Well, where are you --Eve and I...eloped. We're married.
Eve and I...eloped. We're married.No.
No.Yes.
No! Not the police! Don't call them!I have to. If a complaint is made and the person resists obser--
According to Caltech, this Webber guy was a bonafide genius and a borderline nutcase.Well, he and Mrs. Nutcase must have been out here when the plane hit.
Well, he and Mrs. Nutcase must have been out here when the plane hit.Unless we get a postcard or somethin', that's my guess.
Unless we get a postcard or somethin', that's my guess.What about relatives?
What about relatives?All back East.
He drank it hot?Yeah.
Yeah.Good god.
Good god.Yeah.
You got a light, honey?What?! A light! Yes, I've got a light!
What?! A light! Yes, I've got a light!Good.
For Pete's sake, Calvin! We've got guests!Sorry, honey! I just got to fooling with this darn rheostat.
Sorry, honey! I just got to fooling with this darn rheostat.Well, put it down and come in!
Well, put it down and come in!You bet, hon!
It's time.Time? Oh, no Calvin. It's not time yet. I still have--
It shuts off automatically.Did you rig it to do that? You're so clever.
Did you rig it to do that? You're so clever.No. They all do.
No. They all do.I never know anymore.
You hear that?!Yes.
I just hope those plates aren't radioactive by tomorrow morning.Cheese is particularly troublesome.
Cheese is particularly troublesome.Worse than your Kraft Holiday dip?
How long will we have to stay down here?I don't know. For this thing to blow over, it could take days.
I don't know. For this thing to blow over, it could take days.Days??
Days??Rather safe than sorry. That's my motto!
Rather safe than sorry. That's my motto!But, what if I go into labor? That could happen any time.
But, what if I go into labor? That could happen any time.I've read up on it. I'll deliver the baby myself if I have to.
Yes, dear!As long as we've got that straight.
Home sweet home!To you maybe.
What's that noise?The locks.
The locks.The locks?
Thirty -five years!Then after that it's safe.
Then after that it's safe.It's safe.
To go up.To go up.
Hi, honey! Feeling better?No.
No.We have to be strong, sweetheart. If not for ourselves, for the child.
We have to be strong, sweetheart. If not for ourselves, for the child.All our friends...
Burnt to a crisp. I've given you the most well-done cut.I'm not hungry.
I'm not hungry.Hot Dr. Pepper! Your favorite!
Hot Dr. Pepper! Your favorite!No, Calvin, you're favorite.
No, Calvin, you're favorite.Really?
Maybe I've just got the creeps.How could you?! This is just like home!
No. No! Calvin, this is different! Believe me!Would you like a tranquilizer?
Would you like a tranquilizer?You have tranquilizers?
You have tranquilizers?I told you! I've got everything!
Oh, no.What?
What?Uh, oh. Now it's time.
Uh, oh. Now it's time.Honey?
Is there a problem?No, Calvin. Babies cry.
No, Calvin. Babies cry.I've noticed.
I've noticed.What shall we call him?
No. I think it's just right.And I was wondering...if...if I could have a...
And I was wondering...if...if I could have a...Yes!
Yes!If I...you know...
If I...you know...What? Whatever you want, Helen!
Calvin?!Right here!
Right here!We looked all over for you. What are you doing back here?
We looked all over for you. What are you doing back here?Oh, I was just examining this rear hatchway.
Oh, I was just examining this rear hatchway.Why?
